Great. That sounds like it's gonna end well.


Doing a great job.


That's "later."


That's a lot! Lot of episodes.


We're computers.


I do have a question. The jewels in the bowl: are they still there?


We don't have an extra roll? It is what it is. I have a six.


-- is it on fire so we can see what it is?


So they killed the carpet. It lives no more. They also spent a lot of money. But hey, they didn't die, and that's a good thing.


Merpol! Merpol?


Yes, Jester, also you have a very nice personality, but it is a big one.


If we destroy it, though, would that hurt Vax?


It is the case. I didn't think about the fact when it was in there that I don't have visual on it. I would have lost it before I ever cast that other spell.


I call Caduceus over. Caduceus?


Because we know he's downstairs.


I was thinking like an extended weekend. Like a Friday-to-Monday, four-days-three-nights type of thing, if you're down.


As long as he's in the range of it, he's at half speed.


Or to drink.


Can I use Phantasmal Killer again, please?


Yeah. I'm going to-- Mage Hand's already cast.


Now we don't have to worry about things anymore, you guys!


Oh my gosh! Do you have psy abilities?


We'd take him away. Can you melt ice and snow, and we'll lay him here?


Finally, he gets to attack! It's been six months since we've seen you actually attack anything.


I've been thinking about this, just a little. The Feywild, as you know, when we've left before and when we go back, sometimes time gets a little wibbly-wobbly.


I don't either.


Natural snitch!


To the only place I know  front of the house. Outside the front door. Not right outside, but towards the edge of the map there.


Wait, do I know Marius LePule?


Does she? I haven't talked to her.


Buy a vowel.


We have time, we might as well.


'Uge. Tiny hands, 'uge.


Aw, that's his best leg.


May I have that one, please?


We're going to steal you back whenever we can.


The thing in the red rider wagon.


(laughs) You're very funny.


Would you like to use mine?


Because Pike got on him next turn.


Oh, that's amazing. Yeah. 25.


I didn't roll it. The cape had nothing to do with your rolls.


Anything that moves.


It's a Proficiency bonus, plus--


Yeah, where does that end? Once you stop-- once you pop you just don't stop-- oh god, now it's a Pringles reference. Okay, go watch Signal Boost!


Can she do like a wing thing?


(grunts)


He's had, like, eight tonight.


I watched a video today of you and you fighting, which was pretty exciting.


Is there a way to finish it off for good?


(coo) Remember (coo).


Is this like, if I'm healing him, does he still get the double hit points?


Enjoyed not being on death's door every fucking day and relaxing and being the right hand of the Queen back in Zephra, and--


Cut off the head of the king?


Yay! That's good.


Me? Jesus. Hey! Hey, dude! Come on! Can you give up, please? Can you please give up? I'm just going to intimidate him again.


We could spend a few days here and get them started before we go on to our next thing.


(laughs) Oh boy. What the heck?


All right, fine, fuck it, go above them.


My modifier? 19 total.


It's different from actually knowing things.


Yeah, I feel so bad for you.


Yeah, great name.


First good one of the campaign, come on.


We're here. We can figure out a way out of this. We're smart, we're clever, we're powerful. And what's one more cliff?


All right. Should I attempt to banish this thing forever?


Oh! Am I flying?


I'll take it because Shield won't match the difference.


The spirit weapon?


I got scared and I cast Stoneskin immediately.


Don't you double it? You had to double 19.


Oh, that's a great feeling.


I've been sitting here for 30 fucking minutes. I'm bored! Cast an elemental and make it smash everything around the keep.


What does he have to roll? Under my DC?


Well, dwarf, why don't you do your title and lead then? And I should warn you, you are walking with a Stormwind. You may not know my name, but I can assure you, I alone am an army, so we are well protected. So, lead us to find this tiger-man, please.


To be perfectly honest, I'm not entirely sure what's happening either.


I rolled a 19. I don't know what I'm adding.


I hope so. Let's ask my invisible frog companion. Well, I guess we'd better go find what we are looking for.


Take a quick look around.


It's close by here, right?


There are nice stores here, and we haven't even proper shopped in a while.


We took the weapon off the ground before he portaled us out, right, Matt?


Are they daytime birds? They're daytime birds. They're not owls.


We know him!


Yeah, I know, right?


Oh, shit, okay. That doesn't hit.


I scream at the top of my lungs, pull her out of here! I'm still climbing dead bodies.


Okay. I'll go find-- Do I know where they're staying?


As he reloaded, weakly, behind him, I go, hi, Percy.


Are we awake?


Don't leave the rod!


If she did, then Caleb would have spent one hour to cast Comprehend Languages as a ritual spell to talk to her, full on.


It's a souvenir.


I know, hopefully, hopefully.


Interesting. All right, thanks.


What? Oh! Well, I'll put my head in.


Recast. What do you need me to say? You can respond to this message.


Does anybody know how to protect against air stalkers?


We're heading towards an island. I've heard stories. Let's go to the island.


These chopsticks are amazing.


We should send a message to Nott and see what she sees.


Were you being intimidating?


Yeah, what's your best dick?


You are just inching up.


Contain them and then somebody could just--


She's trying to get in the boob.


Really? Right now?


So there's a bar. The door is barred, then?


Do there appear to be any fruit merchants?


Leave that there.


Okay, forget it.


This is it.


Grog, I've got the hiccups.


Would I instantly recognize that as the same as the people I spoke to?


He's the fighter.


I use my bonus action to hide as well.


We are keeping an eye on the troll.


The Gearkeeper.


We can-- well, you read too much out loud. We will read it out loud.


You've heard of it. Show of hands, who's doing a voice in the game? Aww. Well, next one.


Can Grog push it?


I reach out and grab the back of his head, and I drive my elbow straight into his chin.


I don't know how my guns are going to work underwater.


Holy shit! [break]


A bite attack, then. That is 12 plus nine. 21.


We can do robes. I'm all right with robes.


Will you be gone for a while, or is it a quick errand?


Oh, god. He took no Van Damme-age. (laughter)


Vasquez.


No, you can't go on the carpet. You're too heavy.


Wow. We walked right into that one.


How about we go see your dad.


Yeah, that shit ain't dreams, man.


Take over the world!


There's too many people talking, I don't know what's going on. I don't know what's going on. Yeah, I just rolled a ten twice, and that's a 23.


She didn't give us a social security, we don't have an I-9. There's nothing.


Yep. Or either way.


(whispering) Ask him about the Diver's Grave.


It was sitting in the jar and I put it in my bag because we put the ears in here.


Welcome!


What did you put in that tea, Percival?


(laughs) Oops.


I put it down before the fight.


As she floats away, I try to grab her butt.


Can it do a double-bird?


If I gave you some money, could you go pick us up a nice bottle of some stuff?


Her accent is so fake.


You've got to be fucking kidding me.


No, I'm going to cast-- fucksticks. I'm going to cast Haste on Nott. That's what I do.


He was right here the whole time.


Oh, I like that one.


I check my pouch and make sure my antlers are still there.


You've got Pass Without Trace, just go with him!


That.


Y'all do something before I get reckless.


Sure, Jester!


Yeah, because the beetle brings my blood. I have to spill blood for this.


Oh, I have to follow-- Oh, well then I'll follow Danny right now.


Are we walking, or can we get some horses at least?


We'll take a look around this thing, and I also want to cast another Detect Undead, while we're walking.


This is silly. I take off the cloak that I've been wearing for a week or so now, and I just put it over the man's head.


No, shut your mouth.


Is Tary down below?


I will hold off on that-- Okay so, I will, just-- I'm going to do a Targeted head shot. I'm going to grab the rope with my bonus action--


All right, could you make something like that in like an hour?


What about remuneration, an amount? What is left for him to work off?


Well, this--


I felt like I almost died and I hadn't taken care of any of the shit that got me here in the first place. I was so worried about trying to learn about these new abilities that-- I felt like I got distracted. I have people I want to find and things I want to remedy.


Let's get Captain Tusktooth down here, because that was an interesting afternoon, but it was not what I want to do with the rest of my life.


He does speak Fucking-with-you. Very well.


Well, you can do this a million times.


Regular shot.


That's amazing. It's a skill that I've never had before. But I guess as you said, when you really take in the world and can see people and how they feel, you can really write a powerful ballad.


You're a great player.


Or try to. I'm just going to say, "(singing) Gnome makes you want to check out Grog's bod, gnome makes you want to check out his bod and sweat him so hard."


We could be heroes. Turn him in, invaders in chains.


The censer.


Grog, listen, when I experienced the sword, it was pretty cool, and it is a powerful, powerful weapon, but after seeing what it's just done to you, I don't think you can have it, man.


If that's okay?


Thank you, man.


He assisted because he was talking--


Are you coming too, Pike?


I mean-- No!


Can you check yourself? Just pray to Sarenrae, see if she'll give you a little hint.


Bet you're glad for that cloud cover today, aren't you?


Like Zsa Zsa?


Oh. Do you know how to use wands?


Kan-cho!


Was there anyone else here that we were supposed to see, or anything else we were supposed to do?


Do you know what they are?


I'm going to swing my hammer at the middle of her chest.


The Charlie Chaplin.


You said that so weird.


I can't add anything else.


So they don't know.


We're all going?


Why do we need to shake him down, hey!


Is this sneak attack?


We have a new comic!


Into the flame! (cheering)


Are you changing your mind?


Actually, I would like to smash the Titanstone Knuckles together and cast Enlarge on myself.


Fitz.


Also, everyone now has advantage on their wisdom saving throws.


Very excited.


A dragon's lair is not--


Who knew? I was drinking tea last time I got to pick spells.


Oh, attacks?


I don't know. There's no way to know.


He used to be a very intelligent sorcerer. This is part of the problem.


January 19th is an awesome birthday. Yes, thank you.


Huh? No!


Totally loses.


Yeah, Pike!


You look like a man who's willing to climb a ladder.


Oh, Janet.


Well, after he's fixed, me and Chod--


Felicia Day! (gasping)


Is there a larger one behind those smaller structures?


Does anybody want to ride the broom with me?


I fly up next to Keyleth so I can see. Wow. Do you think this is like Sarenrae, where we can't get to him unless we have him in our heart?


This sacrifice will not end. First, Duchess come back to me.


She writes at like font 55.


All right, Clarence!


No-- well, sort of-- not really-- sort of. It's complicated. We don't pour acid on people-- well, that's not true. No, that's a lie. We don't just pour acid on people, I feel like that's reasonable to say. We don't just pour acid--


Not to be-- sorry, you were going to say something?


All right. I want to see if I can use the haste to do double distance to get behind Pike in that little alcove. If I can't go that far, I'll use dash to get behind her.


One possibility is we could come back with Galdric, and he and I could play bait.


It is a real cat.


You're on my back, Scanlan.


Do I need to break your chains or just touch you?


Do you want to head in one of the directions of the mansions?


Is there a little scruff there?


Let's do Flurry of Blows.


I kind of like it. I don't know. Like, you hit someone--


You're so ready.


We should take a short rest so that we're going in, you know.


Ticking them off, one at a time. Here we go.


That's a bad gesture.


I'm out.


Far, far, away.


Work that hand out a lot, do you?


Lovely to meet you. I have no idea where we are right now.


Keyleth is in the back facepalming right about now.


I'm just saying, this is a last man standing kind of thing.


That's never stopped you before.


Yeah, I mean, we can't really do anything about it.


(groans) Oh.


All right, just doing some--


Thank you. You are the first to know that that's happened.


Like a goose-step?


All right, we go into the House of Vulva.


Golems are meant to protect.


Yeah, for them. You can have one of my greater healing potions. Will that suffice?


7d6-- Oh, wait.


That sounds fun, sleeping outside when you have a perfectly good home to sleep in.


No look. (laughter)


It was that golden armor, yeah.


We could put little ears on, we can make it like a kitten!


Meat and--


You're not drawing like this, you're drawing like this?


Yeah, it's radiant, it should do more against him.


Yes! I like it.


Yeah, and we'll make sure that flag is nice and high that had the gray--


Oh, I'm not getting on this, I just want in on the rating.


Look at Percy.


Okay, yeah. Just the two of us.


Seriously though, are you okay after everything? We didn't really leave on the most positive of terms.


I'm hoping.


Where is Sarenrae?


What do you want to do, Sis?


I understand now.


Just trust me that I have no idea what I'm doing.


My answer to your question was-- Cut to.


We'll do the tour first, while you guys are off freaking out with the--


I can explain what is happening as she sees.


A little further if I can, please.


Paper and ink?


Well, we're making our way to see if something can be done.


I could do something pretty close to that.


Or listen to it.


It's going to break your concentration.


If you'll excuse me. I reach into my pouch and pull up the Scroll of Telescription. I enchant it to reach my brother Jerahd. I write on it, "Dear brother, it seems I am in a bit of a pickle with a certain type of creature that can take control of others with its mind and do nasty things. Goes by the name of K'Varn, and the only thing I know about him is that he has a black horn. Please help. Love, Tiberius."


She's too drunk.


This is the paladin dilemma. I think I'm going to save the spell slots. But I am going to swing at this guy.


No. Just close your eyes. It helps -


I scratch him behind his ears.


(coughing) I thought you were going to say something else.


Hey, I like this plan.


But, DM, we know that, we feel it, according to the spell.


I'm pushing them.


Sis, come up to where Scanlan is so I can go a little further ahead.


Uh huh-- nine, ten--


Yeah, that'd be good. Girls would go crazy. If you guys want to play some games tomorrow, we'll just be here!


I found it on the shore. When I got back to land, it was just there. I'm not super familiar with a ton of weaponry-- the sword I know, I had some training in it, but this seemed like a unique sword. I felt like it almost called to me. I know how that sounds, but when I picked it up, seemed like everything changed. Ever since, I've been able to do more things. Been able to reach out with some of the stuff I've seen you do. That's why I'm trying to make it up to the Academy. I'm trying to figure out what it is that I have.


Thedouginator keeps asking you, Matt, how you brought the party together the first day of play.


Let me--


Such a grizzly scene, they seemed to be carrying away bodies on that cart they had.


We'll take two.


Yeah, I figured I'd try. The next is nine, plus psychic damage, damn it, 12. So a total of 14, just for those two attacks. And then I will use some more movement to move past Grog, still in the hole, pressed against the outside of the door, out of his sight.


-- leather cover with embossing on it or something quite lovely.


You know what, I've done a con in Anchorage. It's nice. I like it.


Do we have any wax?


Does she fall in love with the first thing she sees? (laughter)


A boot?


It's more or less whatever strikes your fancy, to be fair.


We don't have giant domes on our heads.


We brought this gift. Hello! We address all of them, maybe, right now, yes?


I'm sure you've got something in that bag of yours that we can plop in front of this. For now, let's just get past it.


Aw, I saw, how did me and Trinket become friends?


Scalebearer.


We should check it out.


All right, I'm going to take one last really good shot. I'm going to shoot him right in the face again. I'm going to spend my grit point and hit him in the face. Let's make this work. Yay! That hits. That's 31 to hit.


Much relieved. Yes, they do.


Let's not make ourselves known. I want to see this. I want to hear what's up.


Do you guys have the book?


With the cat. We've got the cat plan.


Well, it's still pretty low. 12.


Okay. So I will then cast Thunderwave, which should not hit Gern, but will hit Vax.


No, she already did it. It's three times louder than it normally would be.


Well, the cleric is burned out of 4th-level spells. Cleric is good.


No, but it's of her, it's a youie.


Okay, I'm at 59 hit points. I'm going to heal myself.


All right, so pull.


You legit shouldn't.


Oh! Okay, okay, that hurts, that hurts.


I rip the other one out. Yeah! I put that, and I'm keeping this one, too!


Can I heal him? I know he has powers to help himself out of here if I heal him.


All right! Bring it!


I have a plan.


Magic. Pure magic.


I have validation, it's okay.


Hey, you're blessed, so add 1d4.


Seeing which way Keyleth is looking, Vax stands a bit on tiptoe and puts his chin on her shoulder and looks in the distance, and sees the armored figure. Are we close enough to tell if that armored figure has a sword?


Okay, yeah. Just rest. I'm going to sit her on top of Trinket so she can take a little nappy-nap.


Oh, I rolled Gil, too!


We don't want to lose you, Percy.


That's a number.


So next, after the edge, is decapitation.


Three-zero! I have a +13 for deception. (laughs)


They don't send orbs of fire through the air, though.


God. It's fine.


Come back.


No, you're a fool. You're blind.


It is coming out on the 24th of this month.


Buried.


Yes, I just got back.


Almost.


I think for the time being, we are in fact pirates, and that Fjord, you're absolutely correct, learn as much as possible, and when the opportunity is right we leave, but for now, we have to swiff them, they are our new best buddies.


It's been a lot of ones today, man.


And that is... 11 damage.


Oh. Semaphore.


Do I have to convert, Pike?


Couldn't hurt.


There are two people left?


Let's head towards the town.


(high-pitched pigeon voice) Stop smiling! Anything else but that!


Two days, it's coming back. Okay.


Manners will get you everywhere.


60 feet, although I will say divination magic would also blind me to that, and if it was full cover, I would possibly not see it as well.


Also, when shit goes down, we don't want to repeat the mistakes of the past. A) we don't want to teleport inside the dragon's belly.


And the third shots jams at a two.


One last thing before we lay our heads down for the night. Pike, do you have any salve or anything you could help me put on my foot, or could your god help with my little toe?


So we're doing this now?


(excited breathing) I mean, that's fucking right.


But I'm pretty sure it's still thunder.


Then we wouldn't be ironic anymore.


She's very powerful.


Three more questions.


Why were they covered in goo?


Where's Ye Olde Mud Hole Tavern at?


What? That's amazing.


We have a request.


Because you haven't done it.


(quietly) That's Yasha.


Definitely the stealthy ones with me. (laughter)


Probably another day before we can camp close enough to attack.


What was going on, what did you guys do? Huh?


Sure, that makes sense. Pikey-poo, where are you going?


I say we follow the water.


These rules confuse me, but okay.


It doesn't look that bad to me.


You can't count. Okay, we gotta pass these potions out. Who wants a superior?


An attack for the second that it's within range.


I'm going to inch around Nefertiti. Excuse me, Mrs. Titi. Pardon me. Is Protto still there, or did Protto bug out?


Well, this has been fun.


It was scary. You have a really pretty voice.


I'm not going to ask you all to risk your lives for my shitty family, so I will pursue this matter on my own if I have to.


That's a bit deep in there.


I think so... I mean, it's-- it was very different, but that doesn't mean it's wrong.


No, I'm talking about my big mack daddies in order to still cast other things.


I will never forget you.


I'm glad I hid by another acid pool.


Ooh shit, that's baller!


All of her secrets! Oh, I get it now! That's great!


No one's near the big guy.


Such a life lesson.


Yes, yes you are.


She's going to one-shot the dragon.


I pull out the broom and I get on the broom.


We have no fucking clue!


Why would you do that?! Why would you do that? You're going to kill her.


I think I'm fine.


Oh, buddy.


You look like me?


Good one.


It's like a walkthrough! Yeah, actually, if you want a good, creative summary thus far, you can walk through this.


Keyleth has anger issues. It's fine.


That's how bad they were.


So it's 9,000 total?


Okay. How much does that add up to in silver?


Johnson, we love you.


I take you down, as well. And I say, please, please sir, I hope we're not disturbing you, but we need your help again.


Well, I could use Sending.


While they're doing this, you can tell if it moves, right?


(chuckles)


Pike almost died, Grog died.


We can hide it in some stone shit. Can't you make some stone shit, to hide it? Some sort of--


I’ll heal you again with a - I can only do a level 1 bonus action with a Healing Word, right?


Yeah, total of six. Already used Luck; it's done.


I feel okay. I hope the barrier that was sealed has remained sealed, or this is the start of very bad things.


I have four, because I took a feat when I leveled up. Yeah that's pretty dope.


I'm kind of into it. I--


Eight weeks of cute.


That's all I do is wink at people.


His air bottle.


Oh, I'm going to break off for a second.


Yeah, I will as well.


- and he can teleport, and he can do all sorts of shifty things.


You don't want my energy, it's been bad.


Oh no. This is something weird.


Just tell us what your hit points are.


(quietly) Excuse me.


Wow, that would be a thing, wouldn't it?


Put them in the jar?


And then I throw up.


That's its action, correct, to break free?


I don't think I can. I don't think I want to. So I think I'll try to give the sword back to Grog.


Just going to do a quick Cure Wounds.


Unpause. How far are we from the tunnel that we were talking about?


Oh, fuck me. Oh shit. 28.


All right, so this is advantage on the attack.


Maybe bring the little octopi with you?


Y'all, we recruited dead Delilah!


I was getting raped by trolls.


And I'll get as close as I can get to him in this round, also, I'm going to spend my movement walking straight towards him.


It's how I survive dragon fights.


Does the d6 double or does it not double?


Oh, that's your best. You'll be fine.


Some sort of a mind thing.


Can you make light? Is anyone? We need light.


It wasn't when he was down.


Overwolf.


It's a great trick. You can only do it once.


Death is weird, am I right?


This is the suck.


What am I doing? Intelligence?


Ha ha! Just a birthday prank. Is it your birthday?


I'm going to help. I'm right there.


Wait, what was the first one?


And as soon as I'm able, I'm backing up and bringing down another lightning bolt.


We searched a little bit.


No, I jumped off my horse to feel the ground.


Yes, the answer to that is yes.


Dalman.


Kind of a big deal.


Hello, Shaun. (more laughter)


Oh, no, it's getting away?


Let's not fight, just heal her.


If Yenk dies really fast, what do we do?


I mean, I could roll my own hit dice.


And the clothes we've seen on these people are like what? They're purple robes you've mentioned?


I kneel.


As everybody's trundling up the stairs, I catch Grog alone for a second and say: let this stand as a testament to how much I love you. I'm sorry that I shaved your beard.


Wait a second. One of us is without Freedom of Movement.


It's the dwarf again.


Shut up. It was awesome in the comic.


Hey, this is a place! Let's do it here!


I definitely deduced that from our conversation. It's not surprising to me in the least.


Ugh, a ten.


Oh, yes, actually, that is something we discovered on our own.


She was not doing well. Gilmore was the most able-bodied. I'm assuming he got her there. I hope.


Are we supposed to follow? Okay, we follow.


I was kind of curious if you had figured it out or not.


What do you-- I don't entirely understand what you're--


He was terrible.


Liam O'Brien as Vax'ildan! (cheering)


Once we finish this math, this explosion is going to be really cool.


I whisper to Beau using Message, "What do you see? You can reply to this message."


So what are we arguing about?


That was my seventh four of the night.


Wait, is it his turn already?


That's where all the rope comes from that we ever use.


The 140 pounds of dragonhide you're carrying right now?


I'll do it. It was good.


Some. Not most.


I cast Armor of Agathys for nothing.


It gets used. It's expensive.


Can you sing?


Okay. I can't draw, but all right. (laughter)


Oh yeah, that's smart.


This is the best game of Boulder-Parchment-Shears!


That's what I literally just said.


Spells suck.


Yeah, because we'll have bank and then we can get room service and shit.


You know, just because you can, doesn't mean you should.


We could be the Matryoshka nesting dolls. From biggest to smallest. That's unique!


Okay, all right--


I follow Caleb as he traces around, but on the roof.


At a safe distance.


I do like to dance.


They went to do a perimeter sweep.


How do you get money from your mom?


I think that's a better plan.


Even if it fails, the fight will still come to-- Either we bring the fight to them, or we rip down the tower and bring the fight to us.


So let's Plane Shift somewhere and mansion.


All right, so I go invisible. That's my action.


I grip the tree branch with my thighs, I'm going to force grip it.


What did we do with it while we were gone?


Roll an intimidation check.


What is there in the way of guards out in the open now, and those giants strolling about?


No. When it was just you and me, I knew what we were doing. We were just trying to survive.


Danke schön. Did I say that right?


Ooh, ouch, not good at all. What am I making, just a constitution check?


We've got ten minutes.


(laughing) Ah.


But we can't see anything.


Yeah, he is. I'm going to take pictures.


No, that was a sea captain's journal. It's okay, it doesn't matter, it's not--


Just asking.


Did we get him in?


He thought he was an evil god. A beholder with a god complex?


I failed you, Caleb! I'm so sorry. I took your silver, and I let it go. I'm sorry.


There's another reef here.


Wait, they're not?


Excellent. That's why you're here. That's why he's not in here.


And make a distraction, right? Your plan is to make a distraction.


And then I'll fall too!


Like, it's weird to say goodnight, right?


Oh, God. The door's open.


The Mighty Nein.


We’ll take it.


I don't think she can just fix his hand.


I will cast, I will use the wand of... well, jeez, lightning or fire, lightning or fire.


That was like standing at the dock going, "Three, two, one, jump!" and Travis was the only one who jumped in.


I'm right under his foot. I'm right there.


Pike grew up in the outskirts of town, near the Bramblewood. Her ancestors were a family of deep gnomes with quite an unfavorable reputation. Thievery, destruction, and trickery left them with the curse of the last name Trickfoot. Sarenrae, the goddess of healing and redemption, had other plans for Pike's great-great-grandfather Wilhand, who left his family at a young age after a dream, a dream that changed the course of the Trickfoot family. Wilhand devoted his life to Sarenrae and pledged from then on that him and his family would live a life of service and devotion. As a child, Pike seemed to have an affinity to heal. Whether it was animals, people, or even flowers, she felt she had a purpose in making things whole that had once been broken. She studied and learned the ways to heal though divine magic. She lived a peaceful life, quiet and simple, until one day, Wilhand was captured and almost killed by a group of goliath barbarians. One of the goliaths took a stand against the murder of the innocent gnome and he himself was beaten, bloodied, and left for dead, abandoned by his herd. Wilhand went to Pike for help. She prayed and healed this barbarian as best she could, bringing him back to life. When he awoke, she discovered his name was Grog Strongjaw. After that, they were best of friends, a rather unlikely pair. Little did she know that in a few years' time, Grog would soon return the favor and bring her back from the clutches of death. After being killed in battle, Pike felt angry. She wanted to be stronger so that it would never happen again. She spent four months at sea training with the men and women aboard a ship called the Broken Howl. Gripping her holy symbol in one hand, and her morningstar in the other, this time, Pike is ready.


Yeah! Say something!


How many men?


A 30 foot long spell could hit both of them, correct?


Yay, you loosened it up for me.


Okay. And I already tried to Hunter's Mark him.


We've got one minute? Well, we've got--


And even if it doesn't, it might be better than trying to crank it.


Yeah, only if it's close, otherwise I'm good to go back to Westruun. Only if the lake was close, I don't know where it is.


With animation and craziness and hyperlinks and all sorts of things.


Yeah, it does plus 3d6, if I remember.


I wouldn't need to be the head, I mean, I can't make my body look like a head.


But it's a doorway. I shot an arrow through it.


He does have a point there.


He's really drunk! Don't touch him too much.


Mm-hmm. He has really good insight. Plus, he makes good tea. It will make you feel better.


Caleb is chewing on his finger and looking through the book.


But you forgot.


Remember?


Can we squish through the little cracks?


Thank you! So anyway, me and my friends-- these are my friends now.


Yes, I go up to the gangplank, or whatever's attached to the dock, and I wave and say: Be good, be brave! Thanks for the adventure!


Umbrasyl, in the can. Fairies, dead as shit.


So. We'll see if that does anything. Natural 20.


Tary, you could die.


Is it Bo? The other Bo? Is it Desmond?


They're moving freely and it looked like pretty familiarly--


Yeah, we need more offence, less defense. I don't know if that will work a second time.


Investigation, 21.


Yeah, Trinket does. Come on, Trinket.


I go ahead and move up next to Percy.


Oh is it this the Zubenda Swamp? Is that what it is?


Sure, I'll do it. I'll take two more Eldritch Blasts at it. At disadvantage, right? That's a natural one. My bad. 19. 18! That'll hit, that's 25.


It was a drive-by fruiting.


Yeah, I think that's what it is.


Like we were discussing earlier, would you be interested in the still-standing trade of my Ioun Stone for your circlet-crown thingy?


Much to come.


Yeah. Like, even going prone if I have to.


Legal buyers.


Can we do both animals and the mist?


Inspect the top of the building, see where the acid would be put to good use.


You guys seem like you all enjoy that kind of stuff, it's awesome.


Shot first.


It lasts. That's 17?


Does she take poison damage?


Making me call my vegan cooking not legit. My god, I'm mad right now.


18 plus three.


Sour cream and onion chips.


Let one live.


Okay, but let's--


We have to go. But I mean to come back.


Okay, so there was a cell that we were in, and there was a larger room where we were surrounded by Modeth and a lot of people.


You've got some inspiration, lady.


I don't know! What is her name? Seriously, what is her name, now?


Shirley.


You don't happen to know what happened to his son, by any chance?


What did Ogden say this exorcism entailed?


Don't worry, you'll be sleeping a lot at Burning Man.


Oh my god, he was so excited about it.


Of course. Every night.


I was seeing if there was anything else I can do-- I'm setting day two spells so we'll have food and water.


What did you do? (all laugh)


That's what that feels like.


You know, I have learned that he is a confident ally, and a friend to me as well. And I will do my best to protect him in battle in your absence.


I don't want to bring up a touchy subject, but I feel like your friend might be dead.


23. 28.


Okay. I did eight damage too much.


There was a process. We had trammels.


I like this guy.


Caleb! You should see if the rings are magic.


It's very handy.


If we can get the baby, I bet it would fetch a high price.


An hour ago you were telling me that I had to trust you people! You lying fuckers!


And your Order is what?


No, this is so wrong.


Yep! I want to be about waist-deep, if I can.


It's going to be cool, like night of the living dead-style! Orcs coming out of the ground! In my mind, it's really awesome.


It's a standoff. It's tug-of-war.


I'm going to use that held action to attack twice.


The next one?


I'm waiting for Percy's cue.


I will also stand.


Well, I don't know if I think that anyone deserves anything, but I don't like cages, and I'm really--


More authentic. Homebrew.


When you were flying over the city, did it sound like a llama being mauled by a pack of wolves?


Oh, so it has to be a paladin.


What, me? Do I know Polymorph?


(indecisive noise) From a gentle long distance, and not with great intent.


Honestly, I'm not going to know a whole lot until we scout out the location.


You want to see a trick?


I'm looking at the other urn. Is anything happening?


Oh, and it's up on a thing!


Now you have my attention. And I fucking punch her in the face!


I was born sure.


You did so well. No, really. You did some good stuff in there. You kept it sitting.


I give Scanlan some water from my water skin.


Yeah, down where all these heads are connected. Right here.


You worked to make it so nice.


She is a bitch.


What did she say?


A 17.


All right. Fine. Let's go.


We should have completed your Aramente a lot sooner.


Do you have advantage on that? Because of my thing?


Well, then, maybe we should leave him in here, if he feels unsafe on the outside.


Taryon, thank you.


Oh, I got the worst insight ever into her. Ten.


No, Percy! And I reach out and I grab his hands.


Some stuff is in it!


Frumpkin is still climbing towards the stairwell up and I am computing everything that our druid friend told me about the stairs to see if Big Man is asleep in his room.


(sighs) Good name.


I can't wait, guys, so tune in for that. And for all the people last week that voted for me to have sideburns and a Freddie Mercury mustache, I have kept both all week, and tomorrow I will not have to anymore, so thank you for that. I love you guys. You're great. Good times, good job. That's all I have to say.


Unless you want to give it a look?


Oh, this one's amazing.


Oh, it's the same. Or is that this way?


Okay, sounds good.


I thought you were a vegetarian.


No, I can't because they're holding me around the arms--


Can we, from here?


At this moment, I push my hand out, and another little hand slides off of it and comes forward. It comes into your face and goes--


I barely sl-- I don't, I--


Oh, okay, that's above something.


What about you, Scanlan? Do you know anything about arcana?


You know what I'm doing. I'm attempting Friends.


Patrick, my new best friend!


They know the plan. As soon as he lands on the ground, everybody springs up and--


Swamp shoes.


I know, she got rattled.


Yeah, nobody likes glitter.


How far could they have gotten on horseback? Within the reasonable--


No, no, no, you're shifty as well. Yeah.


It's subversive. It's what you see in the art.


We can't hear you.


Are we doing this? Well, we're doing this. I'm going to try and cast Enthrall on the closest gator.


So now he'll just attack me instead.


What is the deal with the mind flayer?


Sorry, they're gone. (laughter)


It just says bludgeoning damage.


Yes. I would love that.


Doesn't everybody?


We've got it. It's fine, Tary.


He's going to run up for the time being and hide. Give me this.


Let the big man go first.


Yeah, but at level two you need to roll higher than a three.


These are really, really, really good.


I'm going to use all my movement to move back towards the doorway as best I can.


Well, some of us actually saw it.


That's going to be 40 points of damage.


Oh, full hands. Okay.


No, I very rarely use it because it's a bad--


I don't know!


I was the second-to-last to say--


I'm in.


How will the writers communicate with him?


Pull his bracelet off!


Didn't we promise to do something for you, like give you our blood or something?


He seems like a decent boss. That seems nice.


He kissed you.


I put my hand up over his mouth.


Good stuff.


Okay, first one does five--


Aww, damn it.


There's been a lot of damage done this round, hasn't there? There's been a reasonable amount.


Toya?


In a split second before when I heard a blunt (impact): Oh, that was Beau.


I don't hear any of you.


Survival is minus two for me.


I mean, we got free reign. We got backstage passes. Everybody's like, "right through here!"


Don't let it go into the hole!


I just hand Vex 30 gold and say, sorry about before.


Well, I need-- (laughter)


I don't want to challenge you, Keyleth.


Yeah, because that way it'll all be a surprise.


I could leave trees.


Jason Voorhees Jester.


19 and eight, 27.


I have faith in you, Tiberius.


Yeah! Look at that thing!


Just straight intelligence? That's not good. I think that is a five? Six! Six!


This is how we all feel watching you fight, by the way.


I have an even better idea! I take the cask of ale out of the bag of holding, and I just start pouring ale all over them.


I give her a potion of healing.


I'll look around.


Well, I'm just saying that I am quite self-confident, sure of myself. Some would say charming.


Vex, I need you to step away from him. Vax, if it is you, I hope you understand, and please, just for a second, thank you.


So awesome! Dude, what did you do? That was crazy.


I'm sure he's going to invent many new, excellent devices.


I hold my shield over my body.


This is like the best rock tartare I think I've ever experienced.


16? 16.


Don't kill the kraken. Right? Don't kill the kraken?


We're walking there right now.


Second one hits as well, and the third one also hits. (cheering)


The tent.


Whose? His.


The reasons for doing that are slighter and I don't want to blow my wad magically.


As I go, I take out my wire and I point and I whisper a message to Caleb: We went back to the left fork but then we went right.


It's okay. No, it gets stuck in your teeth.


That's a stupid question from me, I apologize.


It's about to happen.


I don't know jokes.


Wait, what did she just say?


Come on, charisma.


I'm so proud. He's as cold as his skin is right now.


So six points, Scanlan, that's what you've got.


Whitestone continental breakfast. Two eggs, rambling tirade. (laughter)


None taken. (all laugh)


Okay, I lean out the window, and can I see Delilah? Can I shoot at her?


Who had-- did you-- were you doing it?


Oh, but I'll leave the effect of the cards still there. [cheering]


Does that mean we're going the wrong way or the right way?


Yeah, they're fine.


Whoa, this is our sign?


It hasn't gone in that bag.


Wow, you are really getting strong.


So you couldn't see through the mouth, it was just a dark maw.


I'm going to use my bonus action to cast Sacred Flame at the ogre that is attacking us.


No, I don't think she did. (laughter)


My AC is 23.


Well, here's the deal, Pumat. What was that you said five or so minutes ago about us being your number one customers?


You can do it, Grog! Roll a natural 20!


I'm gonna look. I take out the scrying eye.


Both of my bonus actions, or all three?


And these pricks are in good standing with the council?


So I roll, as well.


I'm going to turn us into like little electric eels. Maybe it's because we made that joke earlier, I don't know.


We're just going to have these guys--


Are we going to go around?


Can you? Without a body?


It could work out.


Uh-uh.


Dr. Seuss meets--


With this talk of reading? A little bit.


But you're so little.


Perfect for me.


I'll go by that spire closest to you.


Yeah, what's with the dwarven girl? Why--


A god called you a madman.


(laugh)


Get him--


Everybody stop! Keyleth!


I'm gonna be the person who actually examines the cart, at this point.


I could roll it up, Grog, it's not your call!


On the ground?


Yeah, BP!


I like it. (laughter)


This is a long shot, but I have no way of damaging him. I'm going to pull out some sand out of my pocket and mutter a few arcane words and trail it in front of me and cast Sleep back behind him here so it does not touch Beauregard.


Is Kashaw around by any chance, as well?


Oh my goodness. Okay. I will go down after Jester and stand behind her to see what the situation is with my movement.


And I'm going to incant Agonizing Blast, and cast Eldritch Blast on those three orcs.


Six miles.


We still have the dragon problem, but now have the dragon and a pirate.


Fuck yes. Yes.


I guess it's time to climb this mountain and throw myself off.


Tary, can he heat up to the point that he doesn't work any more?


I like your fire, Keg.


I get soot on my finger and walk up to Percy and just put a line from his forehead down his face.


I'm not losing it.


Doty, how much platinum does he have on him right now?


Is it somewhere that you have to have been, or can it be somewhere that we have been.


Does that thing have an eye in it?


You're up to 20. You're at 32.


Wait. Before we do that, can I reach some of the ashy stuff?


Multiple times.


All right, I have a question. Hexblade's Curse. If I do another bonus action, does Hexblade's Curse keep going? It doesn't say-- it says if the curse ends early or the target dies or you die or you're incapacitated, it drops but nothing else.


Yeah, I didn't have a lot of friends growing up.


I fell out a fucking 120 foot hole.


Also, you have to embrace "yes, and," Fjord. "Yes, and," not "no, but."


Well we attack and then run to the middle.


Oh, we're not in Greyskull.


Yeah, which just slows my fall. It doesn't take me across.


Nightmare on Elm Street.


Though he definitely said my name and told me to stop.


Let's rest for a half-hour or so.


No! Not the lesson, not the lesson we're supposed to take away!


I'm just confused, that hits.


Sure to one-hit them.


Yeah, I will start moving towards Molly and Yasha as far as I can get. I call out, medium volume, not to the crowd but to my friends: That wasn't even supposed to work.


One I see keep coming up since we started is how would we react to life if we were our characters? I don't know, or differently from our characters? 'Cause I wouldn't stab my children when they frustrate me.


Aye, where everyone can see, and he can't hide.


I like the offer, though.


You know, there are a lot of shackles around everywhere, right?


Can we tunnel our way to the tree?


Trinket's a ghost!


Pike in that three-point landing!


The Zemnian word for that is like seven syllables long.


A kaiju from the deep! A level seven!


Oh, shit. We're still attached to this boat, right?


He's going with Jester. Yeah, I'll go with you guys.


Ja, and how well-lit is it out here?


Was that a Jenga?


No, it's instant. Remember, we checked it.


I have personally bribed people, I don't know that I would-- listen, I do not like the government--I say this quietly--I do not like the empire, but we're really sticking our neck out with very dangerous people. I don't think we have much to go on, I don't think we know how we're going to be receiving recompense for this.


Actually, the flaming warhammer's not attuned.


Oh shit, forgot.


Really, one ounce?


If you need any help, count on us.


Thank you, thank you all. I'm sorry for deceiving you before, and I promise to do better and to aid you in whatever way I can. Please teach me your ways, and I will learn what I can.


I'm sure that probably kills him.


What, deception?


That evolved real quickly. What did we just do?


That's all I know.


Not even the tall grass?


Thank you, Nott. I'll stick around and offer my strength as much as I can.


-- and those two have never met--


She's going to kill me.


(sings) Mustang Scanlan.


Actually it was faster than I expected.


No, they're death knights.


I was really hoping for a Fatty Arbuckle skeleton impression. I was really, really hoping for it. What you did was cool, but like, that was just my heart.


I'm sure they have a lot of tea blends here in Zadash.


I would have guessed that about you.


Did you self-echo?


How many undead are there?


Sure. I will inspire Vex, behind me, and I'll say, (sings) Arrows and bows, they fire at our foes and kill them, and they make them ghosts. They won't let go.


That was totally what I was thinking about.


Can I insight check them to see who is fucking with who--


That's awesome. (all laugh)


I'm out of spells! We can't go to the Briarwoods now. I am out of spells.


I discovered approximately a week ago that they're still at Whitestone.


I'm going to move as quietly as I can around towards that little crevice.


Fair enough. We'll keep our eyes open. To Dolan's then.


Can I try this? This is a long shot. My-- actually, our fey ancestry, from being half-elves. We're immune to charm effects. Or we have resistance.


What do you guys think, should I do it? Over the earpiece.


But these are mine!


Listen, I'm sorry to pop in like this and challenge your judgment, but me marrying this person would solve our problems long-term? Somehow?


I like that. Tell us about this Myriad, a little bit. What is it exactly that you guys are so nervous about with these people?


Two attacks, one with my staff.


You're a lost cause, basically.


No, we want to drop the bridge and have them fall to their deaths.


Maybe it's like a slide.


Don't suppose you want to retire for the evening? Share a drink together now that this is somewhat behind us?


Okay. That was a three, a two, so five, ten plus eight. 18.


I'm gonna go with it.


As long as the other dragons don't realize that we've just done this. Would I know if they would know?


Two points for Gryffindor.


It's been a long time.


Why don't you mention the Loot Crate link again?


Well, wait. Where's Scanlan?


Oh that's a little door? That's the door you we're talking about?


heinous, strenuous--


(gasps) You were?


Shazbot.


I was going to ask if I could hold the Haversack and its contents for a day, so that I could better inspect and understand the thing that--


TMI.


But that's not fucking power.


Not using material components, you mean?


What was the goal here? To grab part of the circle?


The bail.


Bender Throat Grog?


Oh, we're at the same table now?


I just want to pull on it and see if I can get some of it.


I love the raptor electrified fence.


I didn't know!


I don't have a match!


And the moment he makes a ruckus, the air squad is coming down on our location immediately.


It's just hell. It's fine.


I feel like we've hassled this woman enough.


But that's not important, that stuff in there.


I hope you have a healing potion.


They bleed, but there's too many bleeds.


Yes, I've made us invisible again.


No. That's my movement. I have tiny little nubs.


Oh, that's not what it was. That's the wrong spell. Sorry, sorry, it's Spike Growth, is the spell.


Then I grab it by the back of the jaw, here, and I put my forehead down to its forehead, and I close my eyes, and then open them, and they turn into that thing's eyes, correct?


20 is my armor class.


Thank you. Home.


But we have enough horses for all of us, from our previous run.


I think, for me, I enjoyed springing Keyleth out of jail by convincing the guards she had pubic lice.


Sorry, you left our huddle.


Everything's okay!


So she tells us, right?


Scanlan, I may borrow you for a second.


Yeah, set up there. Then Grog, you lift him up and make him look super tall and we're doing this around him.


I mean, that's six perception checks in a row that were under ten.


I guess I'm going to do some jumping jacks to prepare for this.


To repair the room that we broke, anyway.


He's just so vulnerable.


So we're already--


Have you seen this boy?


Is there a library nearby?


Thunder makes a noise right?


You're the leader?


Oh. Thank you. I take a real good look at it in case I want to fucking Minor Illusion that shit later.


Just Molly to my friends.


I'm not trying to cozy up to you! I think we got off on the wrong small feet.


The temple of Shumash.


Cue heavy metal music!


We do. And of course, Sam is with Pablove Foundation.


What are you talking about?!


Who's your friend?


That's a 20!


That's fine. 28 on the first. And ooh, 30-something on the second.


Kind of like a mix between Nott and Caleb.


Oh yeah, that didn't go very well. I'm afraid you might be out of luck.


Did I just help midwife Vax out of this thing?


Westruun is no more, sir.


Wait, wait. Wait.


This is my child. This's what I've accomplished.


That'll learn ya.


There were some humanoids, humans with us. We were traveling with a bunch of people.


Aw, thanks, man.


This has turned into a resource management game.


Yeah, there's tons of history, man. They forced history down my throat.


Can you imagine what it would feel like to not feel anything about anything that had happened to you so far?


Yeah, she's pretty gnarly. I mean, they're all pretty awful, to be honest.


I'm listening, trying to make out how many sets of footsteps I can hear.


I didn't even react to it, he had to point it out.


Ugh, that was so bad. Not good. Five.


I think that it's not time to check the doors. It's time to go out and chase the monsters. If we take care of them, it doesn't matter how many ziggurats there are.


I miss my brother.


Yeah, one taker?


While they're fucking?


(imitates Wilhelm scream)


I feel like I'd be okay.


Grog? Let's start drilling up.


Just go get them.


Yeah, we were in some cavern.


If the rest of this team is half as good as these members, the Take has grown much stronger this day. They're worthy.


We're making plans for it because she is not done.


So that’s 11, that’s 17. Right?


Just in case? Backup.


Orly said he likes to hang out around the docks at midnight to look for work or something.


Going to take it away.


All right Jesus Christ, let's move on!


Question answered. Did it move away?


So we can go to the circus?


I know. Thank you, Mr. Caleb. Thank you. No, it's fine. I do understand why. It's fine. Thank you.


Old stomping grounds, Grog.


I swim over there. I use my tail. I think I'm a good swimmer. And I want to swim up to where I can see the boat.


Me too, I'm super stealthy.


We're going to be so fucking rich.


(whispering) Natural 20.


Let's choose the one less travelled, then.


You don't want to give it to Caduceus?


Okay. Well, I'm definitely pissing and singing.


It's like a red-haired The Ring.


That's not awesome. 18.


These are the least stealthy people I think I've ever seen, and we know Pike.


Seems like a really reasonable price for all those things.


Beau hollers out  Hey, I think you figured out that puzzle!


Natural fucking one!


How long does inspiration last for?


Is there anyone else that needs to go while I'm doing this? Because this is it for the day. Anyone else need to go to Emon?


Going in.


I thought I had some sort of a Telekinesis spell, but I guess I don't.


Can we stealth while we're doing this, or are we too, like, injured?


She sold you?! Why?


Vecna seeks godhood, and we understand that my lady achieved the same. Did you learn anything from her path that would help us here?


Gnome Cunning, Matt.


It just says I have advantage.


No, that was in that thing--


Diamonds? Are there diamonds?


20 and there's nothing else. Yeah, 20 points on the first one.


You don't want to go up, there's no up. Up is ouchie.


Thank you both.


We have a plan.


Was this a test of some sort?


No healing I'm going to do is going to keep you from going down if you get hit by a triple. I can just get you back up.


Okay. Ooh, terrible. So terrible. That's six or seven.


I'm going to sit the boar meat down on the ground and cook it a little bit.


Something like that. Lead the way, darling.


Not crazy, trying to crack it.


Yeah. Let's move. I want to go with Stormdragon.


Can I see what's going on?


I think it actually is.


I'm casting it at 7th-level because that's all I have left.


Oh, wait. It says I have advantage on intelligence saving throws. This is not a saving throw. Then no, eight.


The face Ashley just made!


Then you blow it up anyway!


Go, Travis, run like the wind!


I'll stay behind.


I want you to spend the rest of your life making up for the things you've allowed to happen. I now take the butt of my gun and I'm going to knock him unconscious.


Blue die. Okay! 21.


Oh, god. Do we really want to tell this story?


Yeah. A big nice shiny object to distract.


That sounds most generous. Shall we look for specifically interesting little bits, or just grab the platinum?


Draconic, Abyssal.


(louder) Can I have your name?


Still, he keeps getting in my shit. There's just no getting the fuck away from him, is there? That's fine. Well he's in the 30-foot radius of light right now, so do my attacks have an advantage against him?


What? You think you care about me?


She read me some stories. And a lot of times I would listen at the door and hear her sing.


No-o-o-o! (counting) 30, he can land right there.


Sure. I will say to him, this time-- I've got nothing left. I will sing to him, (singing) I'm beautiful. I'm beautiful, it's true. You saw my face in a crowded place, and you didn't know what to do because I just took a shit on you.


Finally, a bath.


I can't, but that's a really good idea. For my bonus action, I'm going to go, help!


Whoa, Matthew Mercer! So cool!


Well, not a ton.


I don't like this game. I don't really like this episode.


Dadadanana, okay. I roll 9 hit points.


There's a shop.


Oh Trinket!


No it's like a mound of poop.


Oh, what is in it? Let's see.


Ooh, that's better. That's a 23.


But what if they're in there? We don't want to be walking around with heads.


Tary, did you want to get laid tonight?


See! High five! Up top.


19, 28, plus 36 is the first dagger into his eyeball.


You had said that you did your own dental work at one point. Did you do that? On purpose?


What kind of dragons, actually?


Thanks for the change. Thank you, Yasha.


Oh. I have my eye on one already.


I throw my dagger at that sound.


Gustav, the person who runs the circus, is he your friend?


Nothing that interesting. Ugh, that doesn't feel good.


This is a wisdom?


Damage.


Yes, I know. That's why I asked earlier as the other guy.


Oh no, but she's performing soon, and we're going to miss it if we go all the way around!


Can I do that crazy thing?


That's super exciting.


We literally kicked it for a weekend and went to a festival. We could've come back.


Oh, you know what, you can tree-stride us through, and then you guys head up and then we'll just meet you up there on the broom.


I hope so. I feel like, you know.


Dickholes.


Once a round, I can halve the damage.


I'm assuming it's going to take us some time just to even get there, though, right?


It'd be so cute.


Trinket, hon. Just concentrate on turning back into a bear, and you'll turn back into a bear.


(counting) 12 points of I believe-- is that radiant damage? Yeah. 12 points of radiant damage.


Oh, so there's no stairs?


I'm a Cryx player.


How tall are you, Travis?


Yeah, but it's a waste. It's okay.


First one is not that great. It's a 14.


I am so excited for this.


I have an idea! Why don't you hold onto it. Keep it in your pouch.


He's sad for a while. (laughs)


In the air.


You know it's like when you take a duck and you put it inside a chicken and then you put the chicken inside a turkey.


No, we don't know what woke up the baby.


I think I want to crawl. Am I halved if I crawl?


Black powder.


Magnet programs?


He's a traitor to the kingdom. Uriel wants him, you are bringing danger upon this house.


And if you drink enough, you won't remember either way.


Loudest thing you ever heard.


We should probably kill it. I feel bad for everybody listening.


Act natural.


Far from asking you to draw us a map, are there any tunnels or directions that we should avoid or particularly head towards? Anything that we should look for in terms of traps or tricks?


We'll keep an eye out, Vex. It'll be fine.


Why don't you have the owl see it and maybe you could see through the owl.


I just love water so much! (laughter)


I'm just-- I'm going to keep talking over the headphones, trying to keep up with where everyone else is, but walking off a block, in the hopes of sort of bullshitting my way through this.


Ja, but we didn't talk about the first part. Frumpkin's got to bring her in there. Buddy, don't eat, just carry her. Stay away from the two on the top, okay? Put her by the barrels if you can. Then come back.


We go running up.


I hop on Trinket's back and we take off.


It does not make that sound. That's what you're trying to do. It does not sound like that.


Yeah, that was a nice little error on your part. You got real close. I can tell that you were trying to get the dyes. You know, the gradients.


I'm pointing at the ground.


Don't look at them. That's correct.


Keyleth, hello.


All Grand Mistress Nightwatch. What's it called? Whatever.


Can we see his feet?


Don't do this, Pike, don't do this.


Because reasons?


Is it always full or it is always almost empty?


Let's pick a fun disadvantage. Let's see. Let's give her a dexterity disadvantage.


Yeah, you find a lot of good stuff. Liam, man, you find so much on the internet.


Did you hijack a cart?


Yeah, Raven Queen temple.


Well we now apparently have 150 pounds.


Does he look confused too?


We've got a lot of Slytherins in our group.


Take a walk. Percival.


Yeah, she was coming out of Thar Amphala.


No! Because I'm here, I'm here, Caleb's here, you're there. Because this will make them funnel, which will gather them for Caleb's spell.


Keyleth. Lady Keyleth!


Sorry, you just had a face like you recognized.


Okay, Jesus, I got nothing, man. I'm just going to try to Mage Hand and trip the guy in the back with his own net. Just pull it down a little.


(groaning) I begin to put-- ugh-- my spell books into Fjord's bag.


Tea time?


Here comes the sneak attack damage, Two, four, that was the worst sneak attack damage ever. (counting) 29.


All right. It's not locked anymore. 32.


Because I'm a different creature.


Dexterity saving throw. 14.


Or swim.


Yeah, we're an underground anonymous activist group.


It was a Chihuahua on a chain.


Yeah, I go in.


Polished, professional.


You don't have to hurt anyone anymore.


It will be, if it uses up a fucking tentacle.


There's no place for our friend to get into a scrap?


Oh yes, that's right.


No, like behind that little--


Wait, you need to turn it back this way more. Oh, okay.


Let's go! We go to the High-Richter's house.


Yeah, since he shot, I want to shoot.


Correct! The Mud Hole.


Yes. Yes. I'm going to shoot from my Longbow of the Sky Sentinel. So that's three attacks on the first attack.


Want to fly through here? Can we fly?


That's a d4 to your saving throws and to your attacks.


No no no, right?


Yeah, because I'm not tangling with Duke Vedmeyer or whatever. 23.


The first one tonight!


Oh, I thought his first bite was the first one.


Okay, you're not holding onto the broom anymore.


Shh, go to sleep, go to sleep.


Fucking Caduceus!


We believe in you.


I probably got a little too aggressive, probably shouldn't have grabbed him like that. Got a little too angry. That's not necessarily my good side, you know, don't like people seeing that.


Then why were you with the carnival?


Do they have to be here?


Like hardcore.


You should use Waze. (laughter)


Can we do a check?


(laughs) Wait, there it is! Oh my god, that's amazing!


It's not! I was being a politician. Is anybody hurt? Do we need to heal anybody before we go? Did these fireflies mess with any of you?


Vanna's going on a prank binge!


Ja, d10. It's five hit points of damage.


3rd.


Do you want to attack the imp?


Are you staying out here with Nott, Caleb, or are you going to come in? If we make it in.


Can we follow those grooves?


Which way's your ass?


That was really awesome, Pike.


I look through the door.


A soup bowl used in rituals.


Bren!


We have Beau. She's quiet. I could distract one while you go up and just (crack).


I bring my hand around the back of his head, and I'm gonna use my action to cast Lay on Hands and dump all 15 hit points into the back of his head. Then I'm going to use Disengage and hop back away from him and say-- Oh, no! Before I hop back and say: we are a bunch of fucking assholes and this is all you are going to get with us. Are you sure? And then use Disengage to roll back.


Bada-bing, bada-boom, there you go.


Oh, I meant to sneak ahead.


What's the weather been like since we've been in Whitestone?


Make sure you wash your gold thoroughly because they're all infected with syphilis.


Hey. Hey, Wonderbrain.


You don't even like me.


Oh, who was it that was outside?


Is it in the direction where I have to go?


Well, I have it. Then the water--


The guy that was bugging you.


I think both of you should be taking a look around in this moment.


But I'm fucking floating above my meal! No! This is bullshit. And I'm bouncing off the ceiling and shit. Can I control myself?


No, we're on the planet.


We've done worse things to each other.


I am extremely scared right now, but I think that we killed the monster and we can go back to surface now, right?


Should we roll for stealth again, or are we still stealthed?


But we have a sound guy who's like--


What else could it be?


My rolls were better!


I'm sorry, Matthew!


I know! I mean, good thing he never died.


They're magnifying, Matt? Where'd you get those?


And not very explained at all.


Yeah. Maybe there's prize money or something.


This is stupid, Rose! This is stupid!


I do most things through that.


I'll take them to the little spot where I was in the woods.


He looked very unpleasant.


We'll just have Riskel fix it-- Oh, wait.


The Crownsguards. As you were saying, the Ustaloch?


It doesn't hit me. 17.


It's not a lull for any reason?


Cool. Chicken and mimosas, it's my favorite breakfast.


Am I the only one awake at this moment?


Same to you. It was very impressive. Where does fate take you after this night?


You'll have to butter me up first.


I'm never going to be cool with this. Ever.


Okay, fair.


You've said too much about it now.


Oh, make it sooner!


That's fair. We'll be in the middle just in case things go wrong.


Well, I wouldn't know exactly, because she never told anybody that I was there. I bet if she had, it would've been crazy.


Good game. Good game.


How do you feel now? Are you still scared?


I do it, as well. I don't know what's going on.


Oh, I don't have that. (gasps) Oh no! What if we gave it to Kima?


That's not going to hit. 24.


You got a taste for the knocking-about, fighting that thing, didn't you?


It's a sentient narwhal.


Can I get the pillar between us?


Dispel that magic!


We can see it, Grog.


As I'm talking, good morning, Sun Tree.


And I need him to be.


How deep is it lowered?


I don't want to think about that.


Some of them have doors.


All of your items can be purchased.


It's a long story and I can't tell you everything right now. You know how it is.


And Taliesin. High-five. There we go.


Cool, I'm going to step back against the wall.


Oh yeah, and that will immediately go away--


Pearls from the beach, you get nothing, sir! Good day!


I'm sorry. I didn't think about the fact that I was gonna have to do an accent. I'm not good with that stuff.


You get crunk drunk!


H2 oh, no! (laughter)


Aw, I thought you were serious.


Fireball. Ooh, that looks pretty good! Six and six and six.


Yes. They're-- yes. They're like people-candles.


We don't have an egg timer. He just ran down here. He could fly to Timbuktu. Go to Kraghammer. Hang out with Johnny Kraghammer.


I move over to be in line with the red, and I stick my hand out, and it flies out, the spectral hand. I pull back into the safety, and it pushes aside the red.


We were hoping that you and Gilmore had a wonderful time and that, we just thought we’d wait for you. We didn’t want to make any final decisions without one of our main party members.


I underestimated you. Do you need my help?


Yes. That works.


Beau. But that's okay. It's been a long, emotional day.


It's a big word. It's a bit--


Pitbull Chasers, Flo Rida, and Joe collaborating together. Anyway, that game's coming out. You should check it out, this is it. But I bring that up because while Joe is a busy, busy guy, he somehow found the time-- I'm so excited-- to create an exclusive art piece for Critical Role.


That was so almost awesome!


Are the fish out? Fish always come out when it rains.


But it's not a one-shot; it's got several charges, right?


Tary, of course we will!


Sorry, guys. This totally sucks.


I head to the Cobalt Reserve.


If I can, the leader and the ones closest to the leader. But I don't know if I'm within range.


I turn into an alley.


Maybe I should sit it out.


Yeah, you could walk it up real close and be like--


Onward.


No, let's go now.


Oh. Well, I mean, that's not out of--


So, at this point, back up a little bit, and I open the door and back up to see what I see.


It's installing Windows.


Thunk.


Sorry Grog.


We always have specials, or winter's fest.


Okay, but asking isn't the same as confirmation of receiving.


We need to bathe, soak. We need a good soak to get the stink off.


So I'll shove that in my gullet. That's totally the wrong die. Oh, that's okay. Seven points back. Okay, I'm cured!


It's not a skill I can learn?


Constitution saving throw. Good to know.


Is this considered a monstrosity or a beast?


There's easy ways to find out if people are terrible or not.


Not since Scanbo, I think.


Is he being carried away?


So that they can then take the time with their smart people to translate the rest of the book.


So the angel dudes are all clustered together?


What else is he into?


I would like to offer my beard for a rub of good luck.


Oh, that would be lovely actually.


Can I just touch it? Set it aflame?


Especially since it just rained, so the sewer will be really damp.


Have you not been to the Invulnerable Gentleclerk?


Vex, can I have one of your arrows? I want to make it real special.


Oh my god. That's daunting.


The walk-ups are tough.


She didn't do it yet, right?


I can shoot one with a crossbow.


I don't remember that, either.


They'll figure it out.


Oh, Fatty. He served me well.


Sharks, and bears.


There's a bit of chicken here.


Are they way ahead of us or are they just up ahead?


You parkour around the rocks as they try and--


Slowest math.


All right. They're easy to hit, at least. That's such a shitty roll. 12 points of ice damage.


So many racist comments. Jeez!


I am busy.


Say it. What was it?


Can I go into a frenzied rage?


Hells yes.


(happy grunts) Is that permission?


Yeah! All right, okay. Eight, ten, 15, 17. So, four more. These were at 17-- That could've been better. What'd I say, 17? Plus another seven, this is 33 damage.


If I'm going to listening to somebody's life story I'm going to need a drink. You, gorgeous, what's your name?


Come on, Freddie.


Where the fuck were you? Who are you? You are clearly Cad.


Does he try and make his strike?


Oh, that--


If I move, he's going to hit me. I will inch away from the precipice?


Do I hit it now?


Let's all take a knee.


She already got away from us once by using magical abilities to blink out of existence. We have to make sure we lock her down so she doesn't run. Scanlan, can you do that?


Murder it.


No, I'm saying that if something was different--


Can I gather some up in a bag?


Great, so let's just fucking kill really stealthily really fast!


I don't even want to deal with this dick now!


We'll bring it out during the break; it's really cool. Go check it out at Crit Role: shop.critrole.com. You know, they've got one that's sleeveless, that's a girl's, and then one that's unisex that's not as sleeveless. And those are pre-order, so if you order them, they're going to ship in two weeks, so that means they're not sold out immediately, so that's really great for people that want to actually get them. We also have our Deven Rue maps. By the way, that Keyfish-- this Keyfish-- was designed by Lauryn Ipsum, who's phenomenal and we know her from her work on the artbooks. We have our mini Yasha bust in the store right now; we have the Wildemount dice that are still in the store right now, and there's other stuff like a bumper sticker that you can proclaim-- I keep talking about the bumper sticker.


They're going to see he's missing.


Actually, Algar might need a quick--


Don't fuck me, Gil.


All right, that's pretty good.


How quickly are you thinking?


Let's get inside. I want to see if I can get a vantage from the top.


So it's not a finesse weapon.


And when I hit the water I set off a level two Thunderwave. (laughter)


Yeah, Vex!


I'm going to-- okay. I'm going to shoot a Fireball. Right in front of me, roll it like a bowling ball. Just right to the door.


Can we pop open a bottle of that wine?


No hands? Just put your hand up if you want it.


Oh no, you guys were shopping, I get it. (laughter)


It was. Things started moving quickly.


Exactly, so yeah.


I'm ignoring him. I'm not even gonna deal. I'm just hopping in the window. I'm going to grab my little guy there. I'm going to bring him out to the balcony, and I'm going to unceremoniously toss him out of the house.


No, I think that we've had enough for the evening.


Hey, how great was New York Comic Con?


We should probably go down.


Okay. 8 + 3, so that’s 11. Plus 1d6 force damage. 6! Holy shit! (all laugh)


So generous of you.


I actually tagged along with them.


Residual magic.


(pew) Okay. Oh no. Ten.


I don't want to say, because I'm convinced Matt will kill me eventually, and I don't want to spoil whatever I cook up.


Oh, and this is your last chance because after the break we'll pick a winner for the Espionage giveaway. So, last chance if you want to tweet @EspionageMakeup and #CriticalRole and look at our sweet nails! They're awesome. They're cool.


Oh. Sorry.


Sorry. You're still an eagle.


That's one more thing our father failed to impart to us.


Queen's Grace, that's a lot of guns, Percy.


Garfunkel and Oates, yeah.


You can't speak to him directly?


Remember that there was those--


Weee!


Well, we're going to find out in a minute.


Here, I'll give you--


They all sucked, so.


I'm alive.


We still got a lot to do.


In your tiny voice.


Right, yeah. Salt air is better for you.


Ah, learning.


Can I flank it and get a bonus on--


Oh, right, I would be holding onto Molly. This is reminding me of stories that my mother told me when I was very young. Not good ones, things to scare me into following the rules. I come out of it.


At the bottom of the fucking ocean?


No! I said no!


Was through Alex, so he's the dumdum now. Sorry about that, for the confusion. That's what's going on. You'll see me dance like a monkey tomorrow.


We just can't waste our breath, really.


There's four balls on this dick.


Well, it doesn't have to be a scrap like Avantika said. It could be, you know, go in and take stuff but maybe we could also give them something!


Oh, but we already said hello.


79!


Oh, God, that face.


Well, Doty hasn't voted yet.


Of course that hits.


We're the innocents, Matt. We're the innocents.


You said there were two questions.


Really not looking good.


He's hurt!


It's my house!


I could take the-- that's a good point. Fuck.


Should we knock on the door?


Are you looking for the notes that you don't take?


I think we should take a rest.


Maybe he is Hotis.


Yeah, it's where I'm from.


-- your things are false, then he's not going to send his men--


They're probably skinny dipping somewhere!


How long is the travel to Marquet?


This is not how I thought tonight was going to go! I feel betrayed, I feel let down, I feel so horny right now!


I'm sprinter. I'm not an endurance person. Okay?


The entanglement?


Take a break! Sing it, Liam.


How do you get glitter in there?


Not in a huge rush. Yeah.


The members of the Cerberus Assembly.


Probably fine.


How long have you been captured?


So where's the source?


All right. Thank you very much.


I turn to Caleb. Any tingling from your alarm system?


(laughs) Thanks, Vex. Trinket, I'm okay for right now. But maybe you can help best by staying here and looking after the drummer here and making sure.


Everything's a dick joke with you, Laura.


So it forces them to speak the truth? Does it work on undead?


I cast Disguise Self before we get up there.


I could use Alter Self or try and change into something that's devil-y.


He is, to be fair, very occupied.


(gasps) Pirate gear!


Scanlan One  18. Scanlan Two  25.


People seem to like you here.


Kill Fjord.


Well, I miss doing, well--


It's not a blood sacrifice, it's a tradition, it's meant to show us the world, and yes it's flawed and I want to fix that.


Don't pressure her.


That's Vax. That's Vax's dice.


Two eyes on this one?


I thought that this was the first night, and this was our celebratory night.


I'm going to hop in there as well.


Does this cave bottleneck?


(singing) Too many cooks! (laughter)


You'll have to add it?


When are we going to set the trap that Percy made?


Yeah, but--


We'll need food and drink.


Can I go knock on his door in the morning?


It's not-- This is the abridged-- I don't want to bore the readers with too much detail.


No, I don't want to go crazy far. I want to get in, a little bit further to see if I can find any more traps, and see how that face works.


Because of the attitude.


Look at that mini!


It seems they've completed at least some part of the ritual.


You don't know already?


I don't think the timelines match. But I could be wrong. I'm not there.


Right, so we could just look up, and see horror.


You asked for two people!


No, Shadycreek. Well that would be probably the second one, right?


Yeah, what do you mean towards us?


I have Danger Sense. So just one roll?


d10, no con modifier?


Cool. Can I get off this table now?


Sure. I'll draw them away from the tents.


Well, as long as I've gone one in there.


Wait, I'm going to stop you because I see what you're doing. You're probably not going to get anything off him, but he's got an undead vibe that I've been picking up.


Percy, what's yours?


That was insane. When the mud on the face, and the stab in the fucking back of the head.


First is 20.


Yeah, I drew pictures. Just in case everybody wants to see, this is the terrible thing we keep carving into people and things.


Oh, oh, oh! Wait, wait.


I'm going to Dominate him and inform him, I can give him a command, right? Yes.


Was it hit at all? Was the store that we're going into destroyed at all?


Like a fat mosquito.


Yep. Marisha.


These crackers are terrible.


I'm gonna be terrible. Can I insight check him? I just want to see if it looks like he's hiding anything.


All I hear is, (muffled noises).


I have a navigator's kit.


We're not yet.


Or an army with mirrors.


You know what we need to do?


Do we need to dress up, Matt?


I'm coming for you. I'll roll around the right side so I can see Toya.


I have two superior, one the top one, and five of the low ones.


Avoid the snail.


I'm fucking alive. Running out of options here. Ripley's not on the board or anything, right? We only have Orthax in front of us, and he's all that's left?


Once around?


My nice jacket. We can ask around. See if we can manage to ask somebody without arousing--


Yeah, I'm sorry, I don't want to take up a lot of your time. I reckon you're going to be busy with this all day, yeah?


Stealth-kill them and get the drop.


I honestly don't know.


Great. Shit. So if I didn't need that second attack, did I waste it on the one that was there?


Yes. Probably the two of us, possibly.


And I'm going to do flurry of blows.


Yeah, same roll. (counting) 24.


You're already so ahead, though!


That's right. We'll help you out.


Just for a refresher  you're immune to poison, disease, and fear, and you have advantage on your wisdom throws.


It's not a beast, apparently.


What was his name again?


That's what I was just thinking.


Yeah. I say, You know what? Go to the chamber around the corner, stay there with the people who are there-- who are caged. We're going to let you all free in a bit, but we've got some business we've got to take care of. We're going to make sure these people don't do this again.


Never mind, not disappointed.


I can certainly try.


It would be welcome.


What kind of school is it?


All right, well, we'll get some rest, try to put the pieces of your place back together.


Or he might have hidden an escape-- there might be things about our keep we don't know.


Did Delilah take all that damage, too?


Sir, I come from the Ashari people.


What in the hell.


Rage quietly.


I'll help you get the cloak.


What the fuck is about to happen?


Fassbender?


Percy lost his arm rescuing you!


I'm going to, and upon seeing this, drop my fire elemental form and I say: oh shit, I have a feeling this is the 'him' they were talking about. And I have a feeling he's not going to believe that I'm the real new master. So there's that.


Why don't we just wake up Tiberius?


We wouldn't even know. Were they touching each other? Tell me they were.


I mean, technically, I could. It would use a lot of my spell abilities, but I could give four of my little coins to people, and those coins could be used to alter yourself to be a water-breathing madman like me.


See? How did it feel?


Onesies.


And then run the other direction.


No, because it's going to have a flow, because the water is coming down. We have to tie it off on something.


Do you want to get on the broom with me?


Fucking with my clique.


So, steady as she goes.


I want to check out--


I farted when I rolled, I rolled a 9.


I cast Greater Invisibility.


Can maybe Tary gives us one entrance and then we use the actual entrance as well--


We have a couple of Critical Role things tomorrow, so come say hi.


It's getting more pokey?


No, I'm upstairs.


Okay! I'm burning the last of my shit! 6th-level spell Wall of Stone!


I am really happy with them!


Keep safe.


That's what I'm wearing.


And attack, and that was a 23 to hit.


This armor looks very new.


I tend to find it's easier to look into somebody's eyes and figure out if they're lying to you if they're naked and boiling.


Archeart?


Casually, but like I don't want to interrupt, like a cocktail party.


Could you guys turn them up? We can't hear them at all.


Do we need to go after all of them? We'll do it; we'll talk about it later.


Oh. That's true. Which one you want?


To cast Toll the Dead right over her head! And ring a bell right across it.


Don't forget?


Science bro vomit.


There's the mama and two babies.


I'm looking at the floor and everything as far out as I can see ahead of me.


I think that's a friend of yours.


You can get free shipping.


That's all right. I'm tough!


Yeah, we’ve never, we have no...


So, you would actually sell your soul?


No, you're really doing well. I'm learning a lot right now. Clearly, you are a well-traveled man of mystery.


Yeah, you're stronger than me, right?


So do you want to hire us?


What work is that?


Too many negatives now.


We're also going to have to keep checking for traps and then we'll send people down when we need it.


Oh, god. Oh, god. (groaning)


Fully armored.


The stinky one and the little one.


17. Natural 17.


Which is why-- (sighs) There is no safe harbor right now.


Is there any stamping on it to like show who it's from or anything like that?


That's okay! I'm going to use my bonus to cast Spare the Dying anyway on Nott. You're stabilized.


We trust you to judge.


You guys are awful.


He still has disadvantage on attacks, right? That wore off?


Oh, there's no chairs? Aw. I was picturing benches. That's okay.


The Inquiry. It's got a nice ring to it.


I'll take that as a no!


So underground. So we don't have to go above ground to find it. Do you guys want to spend time getting this sword?


How do you feel about the Empire?


Yeah, the circle should be a little further forward, so yeah they're just--


I think I'm going to use my cantrip Spare the Dying and make sure he doesn't die die. Does he die die?


It's not letting them out. We have to get them out of K'Varn's control. So how do we do that?


How do you repair a--


A ten-foot radius, immobile dome of force springs into existence around and above you and remains stationary for the duration. Environment or weather can't get in, so that's up to you if the ocean can get in or not.


I'm going to point out, we can't retreat.


Okay, I drop Polymorph. That's what polyamorous means, right, guys?


Get. It. On.


Many decisions. We've decided to take down this horrible foe, and Percy's been grappling with a lot of decisions as we've gone.


I rolled an 11 checking through his pockets.


Shit, not great. 16.


Oh, that place.


I've clearly lost your father. It's all right.


We're making progress! (laughter)


Why isn't this working?


I think so. You know, I don't know which way he swings, but he could really get any girl he wanted to.


What's your girlfriend's name?


That's a kobold.


It's acid. No one can hear me, but I'm confirming it's acid.


I wonder what Scanlan would say if he were here right now?


That was the most home-game moment we've ever had.


How much do you want?


Is yours broken? I think mine's broken!


We do not have, sadly, a week or so. The dragon falls in two weeks.


I said you were already being too heavy-handed!


That was just an impression.


Lone Wolf.


I had a torch.


You called him Vex.


I'll sing to him. (singing) Don't mess with that big black ball, it can really fuck you up. I really hate that big black ball, all it better do is miss you, make it miss you.


Thanks, Jester. I owe you one.


You can do anything. You could be President of the United States.


4d6. 14.


Are we following them or are we going a different way?


It's tiny little Fjord!


I don't have my dice jail out yet. It's okay, he'll chill there.


Yes. Now, I may not survive this. I'm quite old, and I can only see about 30 feet ahead of me--


Can second Scanlan be invisible second Scanlan?


Doty, join us!


He's a sweetheart, he's fine.


Three Scorching Rays.


(long sigh) Maybe a month, I don't know.


I don't know how to do that.


(cackles) Five for sneak attack!


Oh, we're doing it.


We'll be dead in three hours.


We did. We already got the skull with the missing eye.


Holy shit. That was amazing. I kind of want to get out there for whatever you do next.


I still want to check the price, so I go up to the bar.


Okay. Not my forte. Oh, natural 20!


He hasn't burned through any resistances, though.


Are we young again?


Filch. Filch on steroids.


But don't I get a plus ten?


Yes. I mean, that's beside the point. Pike was glorious and wonderful and confident, and I miss her so much. I hope from time to time I can look in on her.


Oh my god, we're not even going to know they're gone. (laughter)


That's not pitiful!


Nope, this is an adventuring party. Let's go into the dock.


I can't use the sword, right? The frostband sword?


Damn it, Denise.


I would like to build-- The death of a city is such a blasphemy. It is the murder of the dead. And I'm horrified.


Nerd is chic now.


I'll use my bonus action to fire one more bolt at that stupid Protto.


Yeah, can I bury my face in my arms like this, on the ground? Like this? It's like, face down.


I'm just pointing out an opportunity where there is one.


Yeah, he's got a lot.


Oh, thank god. I mean, not for you. I'll run up within 30 feet.


Because you did Locate Object within his--


I bet she's at the helm!


Chatroom, please help out Ashley.


I mean, ladies first if you--


9 00 at night, you said?


Sorry, physics.


Well, that sounds familiar.


Should we head down there? Did it seem like you could pass through that door?


Have we checked to make sure it's not a stain?


Oh, fuck. Zahra! Did you see how awesome that was? I was really good.


Second attack is a Sleep arrow.


I already took his ring, so technically-- Here.


What? Wait, okay, wait. Are we abandoning the plan?


Same kind of creepy, though.


Is there anything you want to bring with you?


(singing) No one knows what it's like, to be a bad man. Okay.


What does that mean? Now what?


It's my troupe!


Not really, why?


826LA is who we're raising money for. But yeah all of the 826 store fronts are a little bit different, depending on where you go. They're super cool.


Scaly.


Is our physicality of this map correct? If we show you this?


Did you see anyone taking our friends' money last night?


I think something was going to come through that orb.


(shouting) This sucks.


Old as balls.


Matt's writing plot points, but he's improvising, too, and we have no idea what the hell's going to happen.


We do have to sleep, regardless. There's no getting around sleep.


First thing I'm going to do is I'm going to tap my staff and say, "Time to get out, children." I'm going to bring a little nest of creatures right on the back of his business right there.


What's the matter?


Toward the island, I think.


I'll take one just in case.


A lot of gold dust.


Oh, good, this is my best. Oh! Nope, it's a nine. (laughter)


That's what the horn did. It brought him back to life when he would die. That's why I ripped it out when we did it because I knew that's what was going on. That's what the horn does.


There's Whitestone.


Grab some feathers.


What are you holding over there?


Yeah, because I can't take another attack.


Good story? (laughs) I once fell into a fire ant hill.


I am searching the ogres, and I keep the 24 gold, but I give two to Vax.


O-R-I.


How many are in the room?


Oh, another question for Cassandra. The duke, Negmeyer? Vegmeyer? Venkman?


Details, details. (laughs) Do we need mimosas?


We make our way over to where we left our other horse and cart.


Sure. Out the door.


I will choose-- eenie, meenie, miney.


I heard that, but who’s got them?


But the only thing I knew, I was orphaned, I didn't-- I never know my parents, 'cause I woke up in a basket, in a small creek, and the only thing that was there were ducks.


I'm real down for that showdown.


Fuck you, I hate you so much right now. (laughs) Uh-huh?


I'm pretty awesome. I finish my ale, flick a money on the bar, and leave. Oh shit, I don't have any money, because I gave it all away. Tary, Tary?


Are the symbols just painted on the ground, or are they carved into the ground?


I'm going to make sure I'm not in line with any of the banners.


Not without help, anyway. Did you guys just suddenly fucking forget that they took Yasha? They took Fjord, they took Jester.


Okay. The minute he rears up, I'm going to Invoke Duplicity again.


Start with Tiberius.


Good. See, we're good!


Come on, big guy! I know you're bored! Come on! I hit him again.


The monster attack?


But now we can put the dodecah-shit-ball in the box and now the box in the bag, right?


See, he is one of you!


Two steps closer to the temple.


What was the question? I'm sorry.


You don't kill him in one shot, it's very very disappointing.


That's two!


Let's just keep him right off to the side because if that trap triggers--


Oh shit, what if she wouldn't have been tortured if we'd gotten here earlier?


You're actually not even on the screen.


Plants where there are no plants is fancy.


I'm going to slowly start making my way, with great determination and not particularly much speed, I'm going to hobble my way toward the next one of those bastards.


I don't mind it. It's fine.


There are some maps in with the compass-- just some tools? All right.


They look like diamonds.


I think I should not-- okay. Wait!


Is that in Common? Is that a Common word?


Okay, I want to see if I can boost off of Fjord and maybe get up to this tower. Does it look like these are bricks that can--


I had Patient Defense, but--


Yeah if anyone wants to come see me sing a cappella at the University of Virginia on Saturday night--


First thing I'm going to do is I'm going to use my pistol. I'm going to do a trick shot for the arms. Actually, the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to use my bonus action to-- you know, actually, I'm going to hold off on that. I'm going to make an arm shot to the one with the trident.


Another round of drinks.


Oh, wait, this is technically an off-handed.


He saw the bird come back this way so maybe--


Kit Buss is not a bad guy!


I’m lighter than my sister.


Why more so now?


So I shouldn't kill him?


Of the crawly ones?


And then on the other guy, or should I just go ahead and attack?


Okay. I really like this job.


Hey, man. That was a nice try.


I rolled a 19, so 29?


It's the only plan we have.


Right, guys, have fun! Root for Grog for us!


They will! They're going to go, "Hm, let's look at the burning smokestack of a house and start there."


What'd we get?


What do freezing up and haste do mixed together? Anything? Cancel out?


Kima, it's been very hard since we last saw you.


They're teeny, though? It's teeny little houses?


Their personal belongings and stuff?


Fools seldom differ.


It still works.


What does the mid-range potion do? I should really start writing this down. Is it one--


No, I'm not. I went already.


Sprigg, it is quite powerful, yes, but also maybe slightly dangerous.


Might I suggest one other wrinkle.


And how big was this tunnel?


You almost shot me!


I'm going to steal back my old flask.


So they can-- we may even make a little headband so they can pop it on.


If someone stops you, if you have a mask, they know why you're there.


Okay, I'm going to keep gingerly slicing it through, until it's just being held. The minute it starts to give, I'm going to shift to the next one.


A gold a day, that's pretty good. Right? Is it?


Fucking...


There's part of me that's wondering if we hid you in the downed tree if you could sneak in and start working on the cages before they even know there's a problem.


Yeah, I think that's fair.


It's got to be just long enough to where they're zoning out.


Have we taken a short rest, at this point?


Boo! (laughter)


You're so capable. You bless up to three creatures of your choice within range. Whenever a target makes an attack roll or a saving throw before this spell ends, the target can roll a d4 and add the number. So you three.


Yes, Sentinel!


Well, just stick with us for a little while, and see how that works out.


Good thing we didn't cast the light.


Yay, radiant damage. That's awesome.


It was going to be pretty epic, but she's not here, so I can't do it. I wrote another thing. I thought, tonight, I could go to the D&D Beyond webpage on my iPad here and read some stuff off of their FAQ or their About Us because I don't have anything planned. I'm going to go to my browser right now. This is going to be fine! I was just there earlier today, so I'll fire it up. Okay, here it is. FurryDate is a matchmaking website for the furry community. If you're looking for a furry friend-- that is not-- that must have been another site that wound up on my browser somehow. I will go further back in the history a little bit. Oh! Oh boy, that's a lot of skin. I think this site might be called Double D Beyond. Okay, it's a lot of pop-ups. I'll click on Install on all of them to make them go away.


I don't think she would ever get close to it. They have some sort of shield up.


I'll use Eldritch Blast at 120 feet for the gator. The farthest north.


(gasps) Natural 20!


I reach over, I cover Tary's mouth. Percy?


It's so good. It's scurry.


The box is really sweet, We just saw it.


Isn't that the same doorway we found before?


Anti-magic dome.


Just keep 65 and spend 100 of Molly's, to keep it simple.


My brain's on Vecna, not on the city. Is Vecna doing a ride-along? Is he still moving in the same direction?


Would I recognize what species or race of people?


Eventually, actually, yes.


I want to look around immediately, all the walls.


I paid for me. Here, for giving you shit earlier. I give three silver.


Unnecessary, but worth noting.


Like a thousand yards.


Great. Just wondering. Just thought of it. Okay. I might see you later! And I go.


Does he leave a Cleveland Steamer on me as well?


No one really knows.


What are you looking for, just more spells? Or anything else in particular?


I mean, all the details are good, just, when you tell a story, lots of details.


I'm really powerful.


Without a shadow of a doubt, now you know.


Hey, that's a good thing.


Oh, it takes like a little bit?


Listen, buddy, you just learned the letter 'u' to say 'u-shaped', I think you should call that a win.


Not good at reading emotions.


Live, in person. Find out how tall Travis really is.


I'm going to try to steal it.


My deception-- That's 15.


I vaguely wonder what you actually had planned for this.


Ooh, that's good. 18.


I hoof it towards the altar as fast and as far as my--


Are the spiderwebs-- are they becoming more as we traverse--


You don't have to, Scanlan. Nobody knew that any of this was going on. How many times have we asked you if you're all right and you just laugh and joke? We can't help you if you don't tell us what's going on.


Is the money that you're paying us with your father's money as well? Please be honest.


I'd like to take these for a moment. Or maybe ten moments.


Thanks man, thanks.


Why don't we just open up the acid and let it pour down in there.


The profile of that.


Does another smaller doll hand come out to replace it?


Because he's in farts?


You can breathe!


Is this a bad-- should I stay outside or something?


Do you think your queen lady is going to chime in there and help us out? Maybe end this cycle of whatever the fuck it is she's doing.


Yeah, we fly up next to one of the shooter guys and say, what was it? What is it?


Should we cast some light down here?


Nott Bren, you're up.


Let's sleep here.


And there's a constitution--


So, it's groggy, but we decided to go see your family, right? Right now?


We're cold people.


If you jump up, you do.


I don't want to leave.


But that's fake.


Don't be a fucking creep!


Yeah, can you unlock the prison cells?


No, don't find a positive!


We'll be out in a minute.


Each page is a centimeter thick, though, on this book.


(sings) Only shooting arrows.


Any chance I can make this reckless?


I don't want to burn the room around us.


All right. I'll do that.


Like a hairnet?


Which I think is why Percy is one of my favorite characters.


In the meantime, we'll just go to our Keep that we have in town.


Dragons, though. Six miles.


Can we see Sunder Peak from here?


Oh, look. it's a ten to hit.


Yes. Yes I do.


That's a young boy.


A little more mid, a little less treble.


Is it the exact same in both doors?


No. We already got through. We're on the other side. You don't have to act like a god anymore.


You unlocked it.


Potions or women?


We find a place to at least set up our operation.


Your diet! Do you eat any greens at all?


Hey, I did it right!


No, the guy next to him.


We also have allies here. We have The Gentleman--


She can see me because I went down towards Scanlan.


I have a-- No, this one casts-- This is bright light, there's a thunder candle. Blink candle. Destroy-- No, that destroys dexterity. I have a thunder candle, but I don't know if that would work.


I feel like rich people like candlesticks, so I could take the candlesticks with us.


Books everywhere, you see. That's something you can hold. That's something you can learn.


Yrat.


I wasn't going to say it.


What all is in that haversack that you have?


I have to stay within 60 feet of Schmidt.


I think the Death Knight was holding the Sword of Kas.


Dead man walking.


Right. You're a bullet falling from the sky.


But it needs a lot of blood?


And I can only Hex one creature, is this correct?


Hang on, wait. That doesn’t-- no. It doesn’t mess with Armor of Agathys, just checking.


The muck did not try to eat me. It's not as deep as I would've thought, actually. It's only three feet or so deep. I do believe that the tree is living, though. I think its roots were kind of twitching and moving around.


Wait! Mr. Pumat, what is it made of? What does it do?


Pretty dope.


I am gonna cast Death Ward on Grog and on Vax.


Yeah, but it's more angry.


Busy day? Was it a busy day?


You know, he might do great here. I haven't been doing so hot.


(clapping) Awesome! What did you learn?


A little closer this way, so I'd be between Fjord and the table. Ja, gut.


Okay, so once we're there, do we know exactly what we're doing?


Can you feel it? You can feel it, right? You can totally feel it.


Which is actually worse. We need to put something back up. I don't want anyone else to get hurt.


Can I inspect the chest of this creature like it's a trap?


Ooh, that'd be great.


Dr. Dra?


Folk don't go into the Velvet Cabaret unless they got a lot of coin. Someone like Lord Tyrell. Do we know anything about him? Does his name ring any bells for us at all?


Thanks for catching that, you two. If that had snuck up on us, we would have been super fucked.


I will of course! Do you want me to finish lacing you up? Your performance is tonight.


That's actually nice work.


No, you might not have been. I don't know.


It's kind of funny.


Awesome! And then the jewelry box?


So, what is that, a 3rd-level Invisibility spell?


Well, right now, you are going to be mouse.


You should come in close.


Yeah, they already have that. They don't have this.


Just to get there as fast as you can.


Well, if we have a book or something, I could. A Beginning to Read Giant, is there anything like that where I could know what the letters are?


Okay. I take it off.


Yeah, I'll take a drink and I'll plop it down right in front of her and I'll take a knee on the floor, so I'm kneeling next to her on the other side of Avantika. I'll say: Hey listen, no hard feelings, right?


Here, put it in here.


Or actually, we had sort of headed towards the other boat.


Okay. Oh, god. That didn't do any-- Well, I was hitting a stalactite, which is totally still, so it was 13?


How many horses do we have?


Well, then give to him so we can get out of here.


Oh, we're going, oh. I thought we were outside the front door.


Yeah. We create a massive fucking clusterfuck on the edge of his periphery and we go for the center.


Caleb looks at the thousands of books that he did not read and leaves.


(exhales) Well, the good news is, once we find Hotis, it'll be super easy. The bad news is, finding Hotis? Super hard.


You don't know?! (all laugh)


(trills)


It's a boy!


Oh, well done with-- oh my god, your hand!


Run. I think she's saying run.


We'll shoot you first. You won't feel anything.


You weren't even rolling those dice?


It might've been eight. Let's just make it eight because I can't remember if I rolled a five or a six.


We gotta get Ashley back.


Look, he's still doing it! He does follow directions well.


She brought a lot of ill to this world. Don't feel too bad.


That rolled really low. I can use that bonus die. I rolled within my--


Frozen no more! Freeze me at your peril!


Oh. Yes.


Torch.


I've got a good idea. I'm going to give the older one one of my rings. I've got these strange little rings that I left over. Keep that on you, sell it if you have to, but see if you can hold off for a while. If things go wrong, get within 1,000 feet of the Blushing Tavern, hide and wait, and we'll find you.


Am I still blue?


Rogue bonus action? Hide, dash, disengage.


I'd rather have my low roll here than for anything else.


I certainly can't carry that much with me right now. Let's say about a hundred pounds' worth?


Oh, okay. Ow. Ow!


We're in a room right now?


I want to draw a sketch of them in a little pan popping like popcorn.


This is how Molly died! You trying to pick locks!


Yeah? Really Scanlan?


Can we try to get out? Can we try to get out of the water?


Well, we will be plain. He has sent us. He has told us that you are in need of assistance, and he has deemed us worthy to provide it.


(loud snoring)


In general.


I keep raising up.


Oh yeah, we should probably do that. It's been a couple of days.


Okay, what's your idea?


You're right, I will be quiet.


Okay. I'm going to put it up near Algar.


Get ready to do a distraction right fucking now.


Yeah, that's a waste of time. Instead, I will-- I still got a Call Lightning going. Fuck it. I'm just gonna lightning bolt some bitches.


That's a 1 face. (all laugh)


You thought you were going to stab him!


(whispering) Very good.


Shorthalt!


Yes, 8,000 gold.


Well, why don't we do some research, I mean, this was the first time.


I like that twin.


Sure! That'll make it really easy. Are they closed?


I got that big, like, nasty thing.


No, we have to keep going. We can't face these goliaths and dragons and orc guards! This is craziness!


Yes, it's a pleasure to make your a-cunt-ance. A-cunt-ance.


Do you think taking the sword off the wall was what made Siff be able to come back?


Why don't you use that all the time!?


Maybe it's an obstacle course, you know, Ninja Warrior style.


Caleb and I will share one and I hand the other to Nila.


I've been practicing.


He's just not a nice man.


Ring of Mind-Shielding, is what I was going to say.


That's two lucks.


Is there still dust in your pocket?


Selling the secret recipe, man.


Yeah, he moved.


Motherfucking druid.


This one tells me that you have the goods, so I want the goods. Want the goods.


Oh, one other thing-- and there's a little flash on your shoulder and there is a large-ish spider.


Yeah, it couldn't hurt.


Fucking-- okay, nine damage.


Yep. I'll use Mask of Many Faces to make myself look like a very tanned human with jet black hair pulled back into a tight ponytail in the back. With a black goatee. Maybe slightly overweight. (laughter)


I yank two daggers out, flip them, catch them, and just start running.


No, it's not an herbalism kit, it's medicinal herbs, which you specifically told me it removes poison on action.


We totally planned at dawn! (laughter)


I pull out my head and I yell, J-I.


I'll try. Would that be--


That's the scientific term.


God, it's cold in here! Jesus.


Okay, that's good. Wow, I never attack with him. How about that. 26!


Aluminium.


I think we should take the hint and not go.


We don't know, we didn't see him.


Oh shit, it's real tall.


Bane-in it up.


I'm unkillable for a while.


Way to build that tension.


Another two points.


Oh, that's right, it's just you. I think all of us jumped in the back.


There's actually a drink called Cock Ale, which is brewed in a dead chicken.


What are you talking about? She's a paladin!


(repeats piercing spell noise) Through a tree!


Thing is-- I'm looking for something specific.


Does the serpent get released if the little orbs are spread out amongst other people or do they all have to be in one person?


Let's make our way into town. Quietly.


Is this a thing that really happens?


Spirit Guardians?


Are you able to locate it once it's reformed?


Yes, it smells so good in here. Thank you.


Goodness gracious, great balls of fire!


Only one of them is demanding that I become a liar.


Put him at ease?


Trinket's really good at that.


I don't even know what that is, I looked it up.


When you say "underground," are you speaking metaphorically, or do you literally have a way underground to get there?


There's also lots of wood around, Grog.


Aren't will-o'-wisps like kids? Aren't they the spirits of children?


Yeah, her mace.


Wow. MATT You do notice that some of the blood is dragged through, like something was dragged out of the puddle. But not for a long distance. Whatever was there was cleaned off at some point, or lifted up and carried out from whatever was originally pulled through those puddles of blood. You also do notice that in the pile of furs and refuse and there are bones of things that were left there to rot in the corner. You find roughly 120 gold pieces.


Absolutely not! (laughter)


You get a d8 plus your d6.


Pikey-Pike killed a rakshasa!


So you know it's official.


Okay. So I tap my brother and go, look at this. Do you know anything about religion?


I have two gold.


No, I'm gonna unlock that.


Wait, there's a door at the end of this hallway.


I mean, we're fairly attractive! I feel like six of us would be worth the price of admission.


Would you lead the way?


(inhales) Okay! I can clear the distance, right? 40 feet?


Yeah. Good guy?


I'm going for a full long rest after my crap.


You didn't get to ask them about Vandren, though.


Running to the left.


She's quick to toe the party line.


(sighs) How long have I been here?


Yeah, let's talk it out.


Man, my medicine checks are sucking. Ten.


I turn to the audience and I go (yelling)


Stone-cold dead, you did. Congratulations.


Yeah, when we were in there, the shields and swords, they looked fairly standard, or were there some that were like "holy shit!"?


Three. (laughter)


Drip a little. Oh no. Some nice type AB. Right here. On tap.


I don't know, this is the dumbest conversation. This is bonus time. I shouldn't be here. It was the long sleep or come back and help.


So good! I love it.


I believe you saved ours first by showing up.


We were trying to answer you for a little bit.


Do it towards the front of Vorugal, so it doesn't hit Vax.


Evidence is what that is!


What if he's stealing her soul?


I don't know anything about the Grey Hunt, but it's written down on a piece of paper you gave me, Percy.


