Yeah, we got it in range. I'm sorry I killed him.


Okay, so I can do that. I will send Frumpkin low along the bottom in the direction of this thing, stealthily.


I focus on the Sword of Kas.


Do not get close. If you can help it.


Wow. Cool. Good to know.


Oh, it's coming. I heard the sound of 300 pencils going.


I'm sorry, I didn't mean it!


And then there's arrows.


I want to save as much of it for the beholder as possible.


Because this fight is going to happen. That is why we are not dead right now. It's the only possible explanation that I can conceive of. This fight is inevitable. Once this fight has happened? Oh, we're dead. After this fight, I have no doubt that we are in grave danger.


Why don't you step aside, so that he doesn't see your face when he wakes up, or disguise your face so he hasn't--


Is that true? I don't know. Are we scooting over?


Hi. I'm going to do Hail of Thorns on him.


Something that's even ridiculous, like something not normal.


Okay. Let's do that.


So you said Jennifer Lopez is 80 feet from us?


Bane!


Yeah. Like a hippie person.


Oh, well we have some fellows you could meet.


You can like me. I would love that. And in fact, I hope that I can earn your like.


I put my hand on her shoulder.


Okay. Oh, that's true. Okay, then I'm going to cast Hail of Thorns on him.


24. Plus 16 plus eight.


Oh, I've never seen that word before.


Oh, okay, I will--


Does he move at all?


Percival said he already un-misted.


(laughs) I think you're going to be the hardest to say goodbye to, because you cared. No one ever cared before. That's why they called me Sprigg. I wasn't good enough to be a Brokenbranch. I was just a sprig. That's how I got my name.


Okay, dispel the magic, yeah, no that's good.


If any of those miss, you're blessed.


We should find Tary. Take that with you.


I slice it, catch it in the spin.


If you don't mind us asking, why are you heading into the swamp yourself?


No, oh, no, do I? What do I speak? Where does it say? Shit.


My magic glasses of seeing.


What, do you want to fly?


You just went (gasping), and then it's gone.


This set is amazing.


That leaves our suspects Blemmy! And the girl.


And evasion evades all of that?


Oh yeah, what if he is Hotis?


I just need a young, fleet-footed boy.


Matt's like, damn you and your Counterspells. You're ruining my plan.


Shove a bunch in.


I think I should go get the boat.


A couple of us go and get arrested--


I am well on my way. I hope I have been doing this for a while. So step one is Detect Magic on the pile to see what's what.


Our earrings should work.


Just punch it. You're doing some good damage.


We can sleep and wake up in the morning and teleport there.


I'm up to 85.


I will stay with this thing. You go up. When they come back, you come back down. My gut tells me to stay close to this thing.


He didn't even look down. He just said it.


Sure. I'll hum loudly.


Was it a snake?


Don't kill it. Don't kill it.


Not the lantern?


Vat eez zis present? [static]


I am also going to Bak-Anime, not to be confused with SacAnime, on February 3rd and 4th.


How does it feel?


Are we going to find another house to kill now? I mean, to carefully investigate and thoroughly due diligence the heads before we smash them.


And Raishan rats us out.


Bees, or bees, or bees.


But what if they are still hungry?


(high pitched) His eyes are dilated.


SEALs dive!


Is that why it never worked on Aldor?


Yeah, before we move. Just for the start of it.


And when that was going on, I remember, when that went off, being still Tiberius, I was like in half character but half not, and I was not crying, I was like, (grumbles) the whole time, and as soon as she sprung back to life, because the cleric--


I'm going back to sleep, you guys. I need to get my spells back.


I'm looking.


We didn't trust Clarota. We were using him as much as he was using us.


I have no idea what I'm doing.


He's just reporting in. He's his frigging money collector.


Well, I feel the presence of Uk'otoa smiling on all of us and I know that our partnership here will be a beneficial one.


Her fate is intertwined with our own. If she leaves, she has a very good chance of being killed. If we go forward and succeed, we come back and she lives. If we go forward and she dies, she's where she is. This is the best place for her.


Not much. What are you going to do when a dragon comes and takes someone away? Stand there and watch, really.


I say we just camp at the house, at this point. I need rest and we have... Not going to get much further.


Loot the body!


Oh, come on, giants. Help us out.


You cast it? Wow.


I'm not opposed to it.


(words of acclamation and thanks)


Okay. I can't do a Bramble Shot again 'cause that was wasted? Or does that mean-- Does a Bramble Shot only work if it connects?


He could. He smells like cheese.


Can I do it, too?


It's the wrong person. It's that person up there. They'll never find it. It's going to be found in like six years from now.


I like her, too.


What do you call a deer with no eyes? No eye deer! (laughter)


Yeah we're still in the office, are we not?


But, I mean, considering the debt that they're in.


Here comes the bellyflop--


Oh, yeah, no, you just got to ask permission before you do anything.


Yeah, we’ll see you next time, shitface.


No. What is it? (groans)


Can I take out the carpet and start making my enlarged form way down to them? By myself?


I take my robes and I flip them inside out and I take some dirt and dirty it up a little bit and take my hair down and I steal a scarf off of Jester's stuff and I do a bandana around my head.


Everybody's a liar!


The thing is vanishing upon sight.


No, we plan.


Aw man. I pop out from behind the tree and say, "I was aiming for your butt." And then I'm going to cast Guiding Bolt at level three.


So act real tough and yell real loud. Don't fire on them unless they fire on us, you understand?


Grog, just wait a little bit longer.


I don't need this in my life.


I'm on a reef.


Plus the Deathwalker's Ward, so quarter damage.


We also have Heroes' Feast up, by the way, if that makes any amount of difference.


Hide that shit, hide that shit! Hide that shit!


If we went inside that room, though--


First die rolling. Nice!


2.


He was vague about his wording at that moment.


Where does that go?


I'm asking you, not you.


Does it?


Fuck them. We keep running. We're trying to get out of the area, right?


We do always seem to come around 4 00pm, right when the sun is coming in the window.


And you're all human.


We don't know!


He did all the sound effects on your intro video.


How will we be able to communicate with them, for them to let us know?


I say to Vax  Just keep an eye on the odd one, all right?


Yep, yeah. Yep, that's exactly what that was.


Burn the beams?


I'll roll again. Sure.


I am also worried about traveling around-- Well, I am not a fan of the name Balleater for this boat.


What am I doing? I rush forward and I am going to try to pry the rug off of her.


And Lord Tyrell factored in how?


Is it scratch and sniff?


I look over my shoulder and keep running, and then go: Oh, what do you want? Who are you? Why are you following me?


Now you look so happy! It's so wonderful!


(intones theme from Pirates of the Caribbean)


And then they'd know where we are.


Oh, it's a better name.


Sure. Yeah. I'll ask. Whaska!


What do you want? What's in there?


That was frightening, man.


This is some Bugs Bunny shit.


I feel like we'll know if it's an ancient Vestige of Divergence.


I was going to smack him on the ass with my tail at the same time.


Yeah, let's go to the Keep.


(laughing) Shit.


I jump in and start throwing pillows around. Did she leave anything cool behind?


The connection is just not very strong.


At least he knows the dangers of monocultures. This is very impressive.


I have an adventurer's kit. Does that have a tinder in it?


I'm just, I'm just going to, I don't want to move. I'm just going to wait.


I walk into Tiberius' room while he's having this conversation with himself. And I say, what are you doing in here?


I thought he was Vex.


This is going great.


Well, I was going to offer one of your choosing. But you've only offered me one of your items.


We'll see. Don't fuck me, Gil. Five.


Third level is like 5d10.


Ugh. I don't know that.


With cinnamon.


No watch.


You know, I've changed my mind. The price on that--


Why am I cheering? He stole from us.


It has returned--


I'll take John.


We'd have to do it stat, but he knows how to get in.


22 to hit?


Oh, when we took off. I was curled up in the bottom of the well of the rowboat, cowering, so I didn't see any of that. She got something for giving up her--?


Oh! So I'm within 20 feet of him, whatever?


After the what?


Oh, I was just, why didn't you wait? I just said a minute.


I'd almost rather him stay and fight.


Very well.


Oh no. Something bad. Hey, Pike? Fire. Fire is very white. White fire.


You have full running speed, though.


And right back in the pit. Anyway.


It's like, "I’m holding everything until she makes a door."


Well, I will. Let's go!


So I'm going to start tremoring the ground right over by those rocks.


That is a 16.


I hate to say, "I told you so--"


That's a 20-something


Ren Sutan is his name?


Asphyxius?


Hm. I want ostentatiousness.


Did you hear anything from your talk?


That's what I-- I'm going to go towards the crowd. I wanna--


Magic!


He rolled a one, too.


So glad I wore a jacket.


Your help, potentially. The world is under attack.


I'll be out front, I can be a crownsguard if I need to.


Right. In the moonlight, right?


So far.


Is there anything extra from heroes' feast? No?


No, it's a 7th-level spell.


Yes, so we have to stop the path, right? We have to block them from escape. How do we do that? Do we fell a tree? Can we fell a tree?


Yeah. You know, I'm just going to check D&D Beyond to see if I-- Yeah, I'm all tapped, but--


We went together. Yours took much longer than mine did. Yeah.


Oh, so that's perfect.


No! Okay, I push Trinket out and make him run around and hide behind the other wall. (laughter)


Yeah, I've got a high stat in it.


It's dispelled?


Just on the one. Oh, yeah right, I'm sorry I was so caught up in the fact that I'm just literally going up against death incarnate-- hey!


That's true, look at Pike's grandpa.


Not the same thing.


It's like a chime.


I've been there with you.


How does his house look? Does it look together like it would normally be, or does it look disheveled at all?


Transcription of the story.


That’s true, it came very close.


I can do it two times. So we need to pick where it's most important to check in versus where we might want to pop in and say hello.


Who the fuck?


Do we stay on the carpet or are we knocked off?


She's damaged.


Red?


And nipples.


There's a giant werewolf following us...


Ooh. 19.


I'll take acrobatics. (all laugh)


Keyleth, come out of the room with me.


Would they sell a lead box at a magic shop?


Not supposed to make any deals. We could just try and do it on our own. The deal might put us in a position where we're totally fucked.


I'll move along the wall to his left side.


Hmmm, I didn't hear the words 'false bottom' out loud.


Come on! They're going to Wildmount.


Okay, okay, okay! I hope he can't get up this high! Ten, 11, 12! Plus four lightning damage!


We could find out how the High-Richter treats people by posing as people in need.


The fucking dogs. Grog! I grab him by his beaded beard and drag him back to the room.


What if Toya is a fully-grown adult woman, but he's been slowly leeching so much life from her that she's a small husk.


You picked up his sword? Good. That's why I had him drop it.


You put a magical item on the robot?!


This is a bad day, you guys. Today is really hard.


It may be.


I did take Protection From Poison.


I'll go gather up the money and the teeth and the meat hook and the red gem and all that shit in the bag. And then turn it back out.


Get the hell out of here.


That's 29 of your rolls, strangely enough. (laughter)


I think the priests of the temple are going to alert-- give them the basic story of Vecna.


Chat's like, "Fucking idiots."


There are imprints being left on that chair.


Yes, that's it. It's a vision thing.


Isn't that what you do? You, like, set sail--


No, you still have Blessing.


No, it was an 18.


No, no, she was on Grog, she was--


They may not let us leave. They may be killing us all.


Oh. No, I was actually only gambling my funds.


Do you? I do, too!


Ease down! Ease down.


All right, this is almost a plan. Let's do this.


Wow, and you're--


All right. So I'm going to use sneak attack damage on the wyvern if I get it.


Do I remember what it smelled like? It's really fast, it was going through the trees. Do I remember a specific look? Do I remember hearing about a lake in the woods?


Balls-- ten.


Yes, these are Espionage Cosmetics nail wraps, and they're actual TableTop--


Four'll do it.


Then I'm throwing a knife at Lady Briarwood, which I can use a bonus action to attack her.


Third option, we say fuck the lycans, fuck the pixies, and we just keep going.


And I'm taking up the rear, following behind.


Chocolate cake.


I can't believe you guys are doing this for him. Max!


Yeah, but think about how cool it would be to camp in one.


Did you know he was going to be here at this cave?


I'm not on any side, but I do think what we are fighting is something very terrible.


Yes, plus six, so 20 total.


That's pretty close to a lake.


That ain't no party funds.


We can walk the perimeter


He's used four this round.


This is the entertainment you subscribed for. (laughter)


I think in general it's probably best to respect anything's home on this plane of existence.


Do we know what they sent us? Can you tell us some of the things they sent?


Percy, could you take a look at this?


Maybe I let them think I conquered death.


Red eyes or something?


So we left the horses at a stable or something? Okay. They're not dead in an alley somewhere?


Yeah, I would go for Grog if he's above me, with the hand.


Can you not see now?


Actually I think Percy is quite hungry.


I'm gonna just do this.


What direction was it coming from?


I need a minute, everybody. Everybody hang back, just for a second.


(laughs) There's a couple of lines.


It was so close.


Oh, come on, Ulog!


Goddamn it, Gil!


Done and done.


I took a picture.


No, I just had an itch-- you have a little dirt on your face, but other than that.


You can roll it. It's all right.


I'm friends with the Sun Tree. We talk occasionally.


We'll see you back at the inn.


I preemptively send Schmidt over to the closest bucket.


Probably listening to us.


I think you may get advantage because she's prone.


All right. I got it. Nott, I assume you want to be in back.


Did you see his arms?


And we have come to seek your knowledge.


It won't fit you, it's for elves.


With a little salt, little pepper.


What's wrong, Grog?


Whoa! Whoa!


I'm going to grab the other side, we're going to-- yep.


Iron bands?


And one of those things it needs is beer.


I look over at Deuce and give a nod.


It's now vulnerable to everything. The next hit is double damage. It's what we did last time. Next hit is double damage, I'm back to hiding.


Okay, so wait. Percy, how much further out are we from Whitestone?


Can I use my keen smell to see if I smell any duergar in there?


We are moving towards the armory. We're trying to find the armory or something, is that right?


All good! Sechs!Sechs-y.


Yes, one of the bonuses of not being one of the chosen of the gods is we don't have to believe in destiny. We just, I think, heard a big speech from a god about not believing in destiny.


I like what I'm hearing! Shark fins and shit?! I'm a happy camper.


Small square near the top upper left hand.


Okay. Maybe a couple of us could flank around? What's the terrain?


But there aren't creepy stories about every inch of it, is there?


Okay, this is going to be weird.


Yeah, so great. But I also don't want to be responsible for anyone that can't take care of themselves.


New character.


There's a blacksmith who knows.


Well, now we have it.


That made up for all the rest of the times he fucked us during this game.


(squeaking) (squeaking)


You can drop me like a depth charge.


Natural one, the spyglass has fallen in the ocean.


Let's rip a few pages out.


Double-fatigue?


But then at the top of the morning, I can give us another speech.


Splits in the middle, two more sets of cells on the back side. So it looks like a big fork. Does it have a common way? Or is this thing patrolling halls?


It's right? This roll plus two.


I could send a message.


That was a different blade, though.


Do I roll?


This is ten, plus psychic damage is 11. That's not very good. 11 plus Divine Smite is 12, 19, plus sneak attack damage. 19, 21, 26, 28, 29, 34, 36, 38. And there's nothing extra because it's celestial, not a fiend.


Wait, what can you turn into stone?


13. That was 13.


Good job, Molly.


That was it.


I think he was between me and Vax.


(weakly) Oklahoma. (laughter)


You want to build a militia?


There is a bajillion hours' worth.


Three-point landing! Okay, we're fine!


I know. (all laugh)


Why does this always happen to me?


Grog, I'm going to make you a deal. We're going to deal with this as a family, and we're going to get you something much nicer.


If we get a little bit closer, I can do a Commune with Nature spell and try and figure out some stuff. It's all I've got. I can scry!


Okay. I'm going to move my Spiritual Weapon over to the one on the ground, directly in front of Beau. Oh, I meant on the lower level. Yeah, and it's going to hit him! Whoa. 16 plus five.


Self-reliance.


If this doesn’t work, we can try something else.


I cup my hands over my face and go, Grog, Grog, Grog. (laughs)


I'm going to see if I can see anything in the area that has done this recently.


I'm the little guy on the ground.


Less talking, more doing.


All right. (sighs)


Benjamin Cole. You're a dear.


Okay. Perfect. And then let's try a quick Sacred Flame on him.


No, and the second attack also misses.


Well, I think we were being pretty respectful.


Would my greedy eyes know what kind of metal it is?


That is a 24.


Okay, good. Just making sure.


I tell the group, she's doing something stupid. She's distracting them, I have an idea but I don't want to leave her, let's go. I start trudging through the jungle towards the direction I think is the right one.


Oh, oh, oh!


(imitating death scream)


Yeah, that's 21. 27 points of damage.


You thought it was truth serum, yeah. Yeah, I was kinda with you there. Okay, hang on. I mean, we're, as Taryon said, awesome.


What if it's a portal? What if it can send a dragon to us, or a worm or something?


We'll be releasing a very large fiend.


Okay, so proficiency, dex, okay, thank you, god.


I just turn into Macklemore.


I let it go.


Oh, from--


You aren't going, are you?


It's like she's never experienced boredom. It's very weird.


What's a Trost?


The bear musk over here is palpable. (laughter)


Oh, it sounds elegant.


Okay. Oh, the first one, right! It's three.


He respawned.


But that's a Gorgon. That's talking about the gaze--


Well, I wanted to find out what would happen, and I found out it's real bad. It's really bad, is what I found out, and it nearly crushed my hand to a point of oblivion and I think I got really lucky, so I think it just crushes anything that it tries to suck in.


I wish I wouldn't have wasted a healing potion just then because we can take some--


Called what? During what war?


You're against the tree.


No one ever cares about books this much. It's weird.


Just clarifying.


A small ruby circle?


Not with your nerd goggles.


Yeah, you're going closer?


Oh shit! You can do that too, huh?


(Cary Elwes voice) Gently! Gently!


Do you know something we don't, Keyleth?


25 points of fire damage.


(whispering) We are assholes.


I turn around and I cast Move Earth, my 6th-level fucker. And I (boof) and I clear out a cave.


The weather's kind.


Why not great berries?


25, sorry. Did the math wrong.


Like really, okay. Well, no, there's time.


Whack it with my stick. I’m going to try and jam it up in between one of those gears.


Could put a very tiny knife on it.


You've stolen from a lot of rich people.


Then two more at the same time come out of my hand. Then they amass upon my little companion and form a similar sized little humanoid of light that then coincides with my little friend. She is glowing golden on a table in the middle of the Nestled Nook.


Aw man, we saved their lives. That's pretty cool.


Okay. Stealth checks.


Listen to him again, he has a very subtle Brooklyn accent always.


It could be! That one's dead!


Yes I do with Whisper, but it's not Whisper.


I just lean against Trinket.


I do know it right now.


Personally, I feel more comfortable with Honda controlling the supply of apricots than Tiffany.


Ooh! You made my cheeks all green!


Oh, really, but I'm so far away from you.


I hear that and I start walking out.


Eat it! Put it in your butt!


It's really not.


That's an 18. That's pretty good.


V-A-X. Your turn.


Concentration spells.


Big old fatty oak tree.


Look, Taliesin, it's a bardo. Oh my god!


Just a moment.


I'll explode the door!


He's ancient. He was in the Fire Realm-- the Fire Plane and broke free. And now he has other dragons serving him.


Yeah, can he back up behind that pillar?


Is there any nudity?


Also karma is a thing, and I really want to balance the scales.


You know I love you, too.


We are!


Oh, Vax doesn't feel well. He shit and puked all over the area in the back.


And they're to the right or the left or ahead of us?


But it's also healing that could be done in combat. That's what we're meaning.


Just kind of everywhere?


We're not gonna finish it.


I get to work.


At about that time, I lift up my shoulder and I show him the Slayer's Take symbol.


I'm going to take two more shots, I'm going to see if I can decapitate--


I have recently been putting my hands where they don't belong. This time it sent me to you.


Hey, this is not fair. Can I come in to talk? Quickly, I have to head back to the others.


Everything is worth its salt at that point, really. It's a terrible currency.


Oh jeez! Really? Okay. So I'm right there. Am I within 60 feet?


Oh, the other way, you were going the right way.


Do I get advantage because he's bound? Grappled?


Guys, Backblaze can back up your stuff. Whoa!


Clarota, how much does the crystal weigh?


14 from me.


-- and I was like, oh no, I'm bleeding.


Guys, have so much fucking fun on the playa. Recharge, reset, energize, go nuts. Miss you.


Yeah, and can I whip my falchion around and upstrike, just try and cut right through him?


I could bring the sparrow, you could at least hear what's going on, like a walkie talkie.


Debatable.


Wind blows.


Oh, Pike. Do you want to keep it at the temple?


I mean we've got fucking shit to sell--


Oh. That's okay.


Yeah. (coughing) That's rough, buddy.


I think it's perfectly fine.


Oh my god. Will you teach me how to do that if I give you some dust?


Change of tone. (all laugh)


The cube?


Okay, but my Wind Walk-- I already Wind Walked, so I can do a Heroes' Feast at a higher level. I also want to do a 5th-level Commune with Nature.


Oh great! Could I buy some--


Wisdom saving throw? He just did Zone of Truth on you!


Oh. Can you?


And I shout out, Pike, do you know the names of the four ancient gods? Is your name four? That's stupid.


This is the coolest!


Don't actually speak Japanese, Grog.


Oh, yes. Reckless and Great Weapon Master, please. That's two natural ones in a row. My yin to your yang, sir. Jesus.


Larkin is in the hearts and minds of children.


Make a decision.


You're so fucking transparent sometimes.


I'm using the Decompose and ferment and maybe hopefully getting some mushrooms or something, I don't know what harpies make. We'll find out.


I'm going to go sleep, okay bye.


It's Vaxmas. Here it is. I'm going to send it across and then I'll tweet it out. You guys can look, but I made this just for you.


Do I see it?


As far as we can see, unarmed? Right?


That was for Bad News?


Said Beau in a morning breakfast conversation or something.


Persuasion roll. Oh no!


I thought that was Divine Intervention that made the guy show up.


This is so-- Oh. Hm.


Thank you for watching Critical Role. Brought to you by poor decisions.


Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck.


I was going to say, are there any new people that have come into the keep while we've been away? Can I ask one of our guards that?


That's fine, but if we ask like what she would've done if we had it, and when she leaves we go, "Hah, we have it."


The green is something else.


Let's walk around the back, I think.


This is going to go great. Let's do it.


25 exactly? Wow.


Yeah. Let's go.


Warning to others.


I really was trying to get a lead box.


I rolled lower anyway; I wanted to be fair. 13.


There are people to blame. I wasn't joking when I said it was someone's fault earlier, but it is not yours. The only person whose fucking fault it was is that fucking asshole Lorenzo's and fucking human traffickers.


D-Roll--


Kima, get it girl, get it, get it girl.


Jerky?


Look at this guy, he's cold as the universe.


Can I leap forward and try to grab him?


I'm going to walk right up to him while he's talking and inspect his ugly fucking face.


$3 off the first month is great, though. It's still great. It's still a good intro. It's essentially like getting-- I don't know, I'm done.


Let's--


I don't forget anything.


Me and Percy had said we were sort of on our way down.


Yeah, right? No sound at all.


(whispers) Okay, he's asleep.


Yeah. Let's go back.


Okay. Sounds good. Oh, fuck, I don't know what to do! I feel like I have to fight this thing on my own.


I'm sorry, I'm sorry. You guys aren't there. I got distracted.


Well, let me ask you this because if I understood that I wouldn’t have cast the spell, so I’m happy to skip the spell and then cut the -


Turn into water!


It's still there.


Oh, fuck you.


Oh, that was easy.


We should send somebody ahead first to check. Vax, are you up to the bit?


Can I change the effect, or does it always have to be--


Will you hate me if I do?


Then we get the fuck out.


What's our play here? Do we just keep saying the word "many" as many times as we can and see how far it goes?


32 for me.


Oh wait. Yeah. They take half damage on a saving throw.


Can I see if I can pull any water out of his lungs?


Can you see down the hole?


He rolled a natural 19?


Cue cut to Ashley!


If you're looking at the door we came in, Grog blew on the lower right?


Yeah, cool, it was a golden cursed tea set.


Pike was there.


Don't you guys use scissors when you have sex with each other?


But how cool would that be?


Roll the shit out of that new dice.


Look at this. It came in the mail separate and I have a hood and now I can just, you know, I can go like that and no one will see me so thank you, Pupgames.


As they're doing this, I'm going to come up to Caleb and tap him on the shoulder and say: Caleb, look what I found! I think this is the bowl that Cali was talking about.


That's so freaking cool!


12, 13, 19, 24 points of poison.


Why don't we just tap on his shoulder?


I think what Vax is proposing is to create a diversion down there while we work on the metal. Try to weaken it.


Yeah, she didn't get a session zero.


Scoot me over somewhere, too, while you're up there, Marisha.


And Battle Chasers Night War. You should check it out today. (laughter)


Okay. That's still my Hunter's Mark, and then-- I have a Jelly Belly in my thing-- And then that's 10d6 additional damage for the dragon arrow.


Finish my stupid idea, and then we'll move onto the next stupid one.


Still behind the same building.


I feel like there's a complicated story that goes along with all of this. I'm really excited by it.


She went (poof).


No, actually, not on that one.


I'm amazed it did not fall.


3d6.


We can answer the continent.


That was a thing, yes.


Maybe the lightning exploded her.


It's a pew pew stick!


What, you can't see?


I am so fearful that he's about to try and buy meth from children.


It was really on an angle. That's unfortunate because one of them was good, and one of them sucked.


Guests of Ophelia Mardun.


I only vomit if something upsets my stomach. So I don't wake up from dreams or visions vomiting anything.


The legal practice of Nott?


Like Princess Leia, Jabba the Hut.


Oh, he's definitely a douchenozzle.


We were talking to one of the heads at 826LA over the break, Joel, and he was saying that they would love to do D&D, but no one on their staff knows how to DM or do D&D. So if there's an 826 in your area, and you're like, "I know, I'll start a D&D club," I'm sure they'll be open to it, just go talk to them and go teach kids D&D!


I'm going to get away. Get away as fast and as far as I can.


(sighs) Four now. Five now.


I don't know which camera is--


Sorry. I didn't mean to, I was--


That's already $500.


That's a nice sconce.


Sorry guys. Oh sweet, okay, so. That would be 25.


I'm here. Mama's here. I want to heal them. Can I heal them?


Conjure Woodland Beings.


You've got to get your construction on?


She's going Homer Simpson, running circles around.


It might be easier just to have them all killed right now-- I didn't say that out loud. I didn't say that out loud. I'm just thinking out loud, oh, god. It's going to be fine, I'm not panicking.


And we're on the first floor, right?


Thanks a lot Caleb!


Vax is leaning against the door to this chamber, by the way.


Yes, that's the end of my turn.


Yeah, you're all good.


No fire damage, so 15.


Advantage?


We're rolling like garbage.


I think I've read about such things before, yes.


They're a pound each. What are you talking about? I'm talking about--


Ugh, Jesus. 28?!


Grasping Vine-- oh.


We can go check on the Slayer's Cake?


That thing is going to go click, isn't it?


She gets to fart twice, right in front of you.


No, kill the kraken.


Can I hang from my rope that I was holding on to and slowly start casting Mending on the sail?


I don't entirely know. Where to begin?


How many is that?


You aren't abandoning them.


Is it safe to release you?


You're human? You can have these.


Yeah, I'm unloading as I walk towards him.


Yeah, tell you what, Gern, we're actually--


For my sake?


I did it my fucking self!


So everybody take one superior, right?


Pass Without a Trace is still fucking up, if it's been less than an hour.


(whispers) One point.


I'm going to spend a minute focusing on the mote and get a point!


I think we should get the fuck out.


I put it in the bag.


Maybe they're not below the tree, maybe it's just the soil.


Ah, cheers to that!


Well, nothing now. That's it? That's all I see?


It came out great. I was extremely happy, so were they, so were you, so win-win.


Distribute that equally, however you would do that.


Oh yes, she's super strong, yeah. Just her magic, there's no--


It's so neat.


Pile of shit has a thousand eyes. (all laugh)


Don't lose sleep over it. Unless you really want to. But I don't want to force you into anything.


Do I get advantage on that because I'm raging?


Indeed. I'll take out several feet of rope from the bag of holding and say: We should do this before he achieves the destination. Forward.


I was taken before--


(shushing) No. Sit in the corner, Kiri, right here.


I go invisible and start walking into town.


Okay, so we choose between those two as our strike place?


I slap my hand down on Keg's shoulder and I, with a free hand, stick licorice root into my mouth and start chewing and squeeze her shoulder and you are Hasted. And I will-- a couple of things, and I can't find my card right now, but you have a plus two to your AC, you have advantage on dexterity saving throws, and an additional action on each of your turns.


And that's how I got this!


I'm going to!


Who still can't move, correct?


Well, there seems to be some confusion about that question. I have it at 62, but the overlay has me at 44, so I don't know.


Lead them to my junk?


Oh, that was before the show.


That's better. That definitely hits. It was an 18 plus--


Kima, did you try Restoration?


I'm going to use Pike and use the light that I have off Pike and combine it to do a joint Sunbeam, holy bomb.


Ooh, he wants to hold on.


We have business here?


Trinket is safe in this necklace right now.


Are you aware of what Stockholm Syndrome is?


Oh! Oh! Can I cast something?


Yeah, I pick up a few pieces too.


Make it look like there's treasure on it. I take some of the gold that we have and--


I understood all those words individually.


We'll be back for Critical Role in ten minutes if we're not already out.


How do you feel? Do you see anything? Is it interesting?


Uncanny dodge!


I cast Dispel Magic on the desk.


Well, then let's come up with a good plan.


Jeez, Grog, I don't even know if you're going to fit in here.


Look, personal identification.


Are we diving into water or parted water?


Oh, at disadvantage, excuse me, because of the cloak of displacement.


Oh my god. Can you use Luck?


Is that light you talked about coming from one specific source, or all over the place? Every window.


I panicked! There was a giant glowing sun, and I may have panicked. Well, I was a bit vague, but I was--


We'll have a talk. We'll get her to some people who can calm her down and make sure she remembers how we take care of each other.


I have a potion. I start to look to see what Jester's got inside the haversack other than the dodecahedron and our tent.


And if you're not, then stop fucking dragging them along, because it's not fair.


Just remember that because it's a thing during battle. They could, but we don't know. We could kill them before he knows.


Did we hear him say that?


I don't think that's how it works.


Can I go ahead and light a torch, see if I can start a fire? Gather some wood?


I am going to move as much as I can, getting closer to them.


Right there.


How far away is the nearest tree cluster?


Seeing Nott butcher the harpy, I go  Ooh! I look in my pocket and I pull out owl Frumpkin. Is owl Frumpkin okay?


Put it in the handbook.


I think Ashley.


We could all head that way, actually.


Yeah, you proposed to this woman downstairs and this was your bachelor party.


That one looks like Keanu Reeves! And that one looks like Patrick Swayze! (all laugh)


That whole spectrum in between. You can fill in everything that happened in your mind when I said those two. It applies to that shit as well.


We're going to go into the basement.


This is so brilliant.


No! Oh, Grog, please! (laughter)


What does your cloak do? That I put on?


No, it's like all of a sudden you feel a little lucky, maybe.


You rolled four, though.


New dice.


18 points, that I can deal with.


I want it to be more than that, I'd like it to be 100 feet away.


And I'm going to be like-- I'm going to follow their footsteps with my tremorsense.


To get over?


How do you know that the merrow are friends with these people?


It stops here. It stops at the camera line.


It's a number.


Oh, that's your bonus. Copy that. Got it.


Ew. Oh. All right.


Advantage? Do it, do it, do it!


Shoot it in the eye, man.


How does he make love? (laughter)


What kind of save?


Well, the first one was a one and a--


I did get the one strength one?


No, that was too mysterious.


That I don't really know. I imagine she'll keep me close.


I'm going to use this time talking to him as a short rest.


Oh, it's an action, never mind, can't do it!


Okay, so we wouldn't have turned the corner.


No, this is a skill that I recently acquired. I would not hold out on you. This is a new skill that I've just learned, and I'm still making improvements to the house. You'll see that our dining room has a portrait of myself in it. Not the one that I had commissioned, but one that I had envisioned before. It's just me in a smoking jacket standing in front of a fireplace with me in a smoking jacket above it, Stephen Colbert-style.


All right, thank you, have a good morning.


But you said Minxie.


Uh-huh. Here it is.


We don't have our guide anymore. Ask this one which way to go.


You and a wiener onscreen.


I mean, we're just trying to leave at this point.


Oui oui!


Yeah, Matt. What does she do during the day when the pub's not open? (laughter)


All right, then let's do this. Keyleth, shake the man's hand.


Arya.


I totally was like, "Nobody asked me." All the oops. Sorry guys!


Yeah, but if they find the lot of us going (grunts) when they look in, that's bad, but if they poke at it and say, "What's with this cart?", we say it's a very good cart.


Oh, Keyleth.


It's not great.


I can't pick a lock. I mean, I can try.


Do you want to come on Wednesday Club?


No whammies.


I go back to the doors and try the doors.


Gotcha. Garrison's more east, you said.


Was there any question?


My name's Scanlan Shorthalt.


Wait, wait, wait, before you do that, are you sure that's--


Do we want to check them all out? Clear out the fog of war.


Zahra, how long did it take you to make that arrow?


That happens when I breathe for a second before I shoot.


I have no voice left. That is an 11.


And this is the next action?


I really should read about spells more.


I don't know. You didn't have me look after Nugget.


No, because-- well, I guess I wasn't there. No, I mean, if they put the box down in front of me.


If you can.


So obviously these worms don't even care about each other at all.


Set up a craft fair.


What points to what? What are you talking about?


Where'd Liam go?


Natural 20. (cheering)


I'd say we both won.


Thank you so much. You're so kind.


Okay, I relay this to the group. We jumped dimensions to get here, and whatever is laying before is not a hallway. In a way it is, but not the traditional sense.


By the scruff.


Okay, with advantage.


And that's it for now.


I've got one. I've got two, actually.


So it's in slightly better hands. Little problem--


They're right there.


Thank you for that addendum, because we--


Hey, wake up, fuck. Wake up. It's a new day. Open your eyes. Hey.


Welp.


Blinded and restrained.


What was your job down here, and why were you giving commands to that creature with this bracelet?


I move in as well.


So I'm not raging?!


Hyah! I am going to shoot the one.


I'm going to, as a bonus action, down my biggest healing potion, which is one greater healing potion.


1,034? Wow, that's huge.


No. Well, sort of. Let's watch them. I don't think we should go out. I think we should let the group rest.


On the stone.


Things. Yeah, that's smart.


What do you think? Do you want to go up?


A hundred of my own gold on me.


Tell you what, I will front this from my personal funds for this month. Just because we don't have enough in the party funds to cover that.


I'm scared!


I'd be freaking out.


Oh wait! I honestly don't know anymore what my favored terrain does for me.


Is joining the city joining the war? Is that what they made it sound like?


All right, we'll divide it evenly.


The fairies or the fairy circle? Wouldn't it just destroy the circle?


I'm already low to the ground.


You know of trees outside of Westruun?


A lot of talk of family, today.


Oh no, I can, we're here. This is happening. That's fine.


We can stay the night before we release him and burn it down.


We have our keep that is untouched by the dragon's attack-- we have a safe haven.


I hid in the wrong place.


Speaking of the Wills, just to talk about the first two giveaways that we reached. That's it. Once it hits the board, it's done. It's like the American flag. These are TableTop nail wrap-specific.


I'll just duck over towards Shakäste so I'm not right in eyeline of either of the hallway baddies.


I can use the Long Rest feature of D&D Beyond!


We got our bear back.


Right hand-- that's 14 to my right, and then 18 to my left.


We're fighting poop-rats!


It's 30 foot tall.


That's both of those. You said we'd pick a card both sides.


Oh man, I've been concentrating on skinky-doodles all day.


You're not still alive, you're alive again!


You all right, T?


Eagle to the fucking face.


Because I am shabby.


What's on the other side of this tree? It's huge, it's a hundred feet.


My spell DC?


We got it. It's all good. What do we need?


She'll talk her way out of it, like she always does! (laughter)


I yell out from the top, "Vex, no survivors!"


A stealth check.


I didn't take anything from you!


Parchment.


Tor Books, Tor Books. (all laugh)


Gear up, everyone.


Why did you leave it?


I don't think he has those.


Thauma-gurgy.


Five silver. ASHLEY What's the prize?


Quickly, declare yourselves.


On the bottom of the--


(silly voice) They attack bad things around me, and they don't like bad things, so I thought maybe that would be good. (laughter)


Giants. Let's go get the giants.


Did you go inside of it?


I am very interested in that tower, but I would love to ask some more questions around town before assailing it.


Yeah! If we die, we die.


You make candles, but you also make undead?


One and a two!


I'm going to use some Luck. Using my Luck. Natural 20, with Luck.


I think so, yeah. Could he get there?


Sleep on it.


I use Hellish Rebuke, and I go  That hurt! In Infernal. Oh god.


Seeing what I see, I've got the transmuter stone, I can see in dim light, so I'm feeling into my satchel and I take out some molasses and smear it on my hands and cast Slow on-- I'll come as far as I can over here, behind Yasha, to see what I can see.


Oh. Well, is there anything you would like to see while you're here?


I'm on the boat.


Fucking ridiculous.


I rolled a 65.


13 for the second one.


Come on, represent us melee-ers!


I can't wait for the picture.


Did he get turned to stone?


Can I turn, and as I start to close the door behind me, can I look down the hallway and see if anybody is walking towards me in the hallway. Is it relatively clear?


Look, you got to risk your life for the coin, or we can drag you back, as you said, without any coin.


Wait, show of hands, if we have to pick between one or the other, who's picking Kima?


(singing) Goodbye, my love!


You think I should go-- you want me to scout ahead?


He's got a cloak over him.


Right away?


I have a grappling hook. Yeah, we should grapple out.


No, they do, they go (screams)--


They need somebody who can help them in there.


You don't care about me.


In theory, am I actively tracking these creatures? The undead at least.


Okay. So that means, aw man, 17 on the first.


You're right, now that I've blurred my vision, the glue is the most noticeable part.


I just go  Oh fuck. I just keep walking like I don't know who they are and I pass by them with a glance.


It's a really pretty symbol.


That will do. That's a 28?


Okay. This will be fun. It'll be like sleepovers. Maybe we can make a fort!


I thought you were just blind with power.


I think we should keep heading away from the city, right?


Warhammer?


Left hand, right hand, tail. I got it all working at once. We've got a bit of a situation outside.


It went down instead of up, didn't it?


Oh, that's great. Now let's go night-night so you can cast a spell on us.


Where's it coming from?


Oh, wait a minute, hold on. And I as he's walking away, I'm going to loot that dude. Take shit off him. Come on. Hold on, let me take this.


Who do you work for? Okay. Is it safe for any of us to get through the gate?


You have Uncanny Dodge yet?


Somewhere around level eight, this is going to be hilarious. Somewhere around level eight somebody's going to go shopping and the rest of us are going to be like: this is now, this is happening now.


Brothers in arms! Yeah!


Get it. Get it, girl, get it.


Is she staying in the castle, right?


Fuck, we're broke.


All right, I'm going to drop down-- Like a boss.


I know there's a lot of money in being a man whore.


We can certainly kill a guard. That would give us a costume, but what does that get us?


Should we go check it out?


Let's go to the Feed and the Mead.


Conscience.


I go up to him and start sniffing him. (sniffing noises)


I almost did that.


Well, one of those was a 14, so that hit. There's 14 and eight. 14 plus your attack. The second roll, she got a one and a two, so.


No, I feel your sorrow. I feel it. I feel bad for you, that you have to experience that! It's just a broom. Right? It's just a flying broom that's very difficult to find, no big deal.


Captain Planet AC is 29.


Just wall it off. Earth-meld it.


Yeah, we don't turn any volunteers away. We try to figure out ways to get all volunteers involved. We need help with design, we need help with copy editing, we have a ton of projects that we could always use help on.


Yeah, well, I just didn't want to tell you guys everything.


Get him in the neck so he can't yell.


I'm a very wise person.


I think it's a puzzle. I feel like this thing rotates and we have to match the symbols on the bottom to the symbols that match the school of magic. It feels like the divination is a full symbol of the star.


She's a witch.


How about wait a fucking second and let me look for footprints?


So it looks like a landing?


I swing down and pick up my brother.


(gasps) Oh, I'm gonna love Tary so much!


You were tripping last session.


You know how I stole some shit from the Baumbauchs on our way out of town? Most of it's boring shit, but I stayed up and I was trying to solve it and figure some of this stuff out. Take a look at this, what do you think?


(strained) That's not what I was expecting!


If it comes to it.


It's not a lot of damage, I promise. Oh, see? Even better. Four damage.


It's a comb-over.


Toll the Dead!


This is Laura actually. I did have a dream.


No, I have things to do.


We're saying we are going to help you, too. And everything will be fine, and we'll all be happy.


We don't know. It's not airtight or anything. I mean, they're breathing.


It's Sam good.


Oh man, yeah. Uncharted  The Lost Legacy came out this week.


This is the fine print, get to the details.


That would be so bad.


It had to be scary, right, if that's all you'd ever known.


Yes, you're very grand. And I begin to fingerfuck his eyehole in the illusion. So majestic.


Because I would. And Hotis did on me.


It's a very muddled playing field.


It was so expensive.


Why are they acting like they fucked?


Before we set out, I'm going to pull Caleb aside, and-- A moment, Caleb? Are you sure you want to go down to the coast? There's stuff for you to do up north where you were from before.


No. I want something more powerful.


Why do you need to go back to Vasselheim? Right now?


Bandages upon bondages.


Yeah, I'm good on drinks. I was just curious what it is that you're reading.


I didn't even give you the time yet.


Let's do it! Let's do it! Let's do it!


We heard amazing things about this area, and we thought we would check it out, because we're travelers.


I apparently have more 3rd-level spells than I thought, so that's exciting. I'm going to cast Spirit Guardians at level three. I just tap my staff and a bunch of creepy little glowing fairies start flying around me. That's a wisdom 16 save. Minus d4.


Marisha, did you just look at me? Is that what's happened? That's why you're suddenly laughing?


I'm looking for anything out of the ordinary, but specifically, a soothsayer, a card-reader, a bones-thrower.


No, there's a little left in the cask, here. Here's your cask.


I'm imagining a really simple etch-a-sketch drawing.


Can I walk around to the front of Kevdak, please?


Five minutes. Pizza and five minutes.


I wanted to look in the pools too.


That's a two minus three.


Seven more subs?


You're essentially relying on the underbelly of Emon to restore it.


I wonder if we could do a little bit of both. Free the people in the cage and then ambush later? Nah, that seems distracting.


I walk up injuredly.


Right there, yeah. Can I see that motherfucker? Did I see him run past the window?


Yeah, just on the edge of it. Do I hear any movement or anything?


That's a good roll, yo.


Do you know where he went?


What does being stunned do? You can't move?


How have you been? Oh my god. I think we've only been away for a week, but it feels like a year.


Once we get up over this next hill, you'll see the ocean.


All right, fine.


I would like to race back from whence I came to attack his right flank, if I could.


Was that actually, like, a meal for you?


It might have stuff.


The filigree on the borders. There's little nut sack.


Yasha, how much of this was under wraps? You knew any of this, in your time in the circus with--


I say you'd be the point man here.


Minus five to the attack. That's a crit! That's a crit.


Yeah, that ends my turn.


He's going to try to eat her brain!


Start hiding them in places. If we start seeding them, especially in Emon, as if he is trying to get people to worship him in other cities as well, silently, quietly underneath--


I'm going to use my Crimson Rite to light up my claws.


Dangerous hostile creatures. How many more adjectives can I throw in there?


The help of the gods.


You knew when the fight was.


I did 27 damage to each one.


Like what?


Okay, so that's 12 plus four is 16.


And I assume they are steeped in tradition, as well, such as your own people.


Bring my Spiritual Weapon down!


Yes, I could use a glass of wine.


If you want to hear it, you have to listen for it. You hear that?


Flibbertigibbit.


Only you can prevent forest fires.


(singing) We fucked up the gnolls, fucked up the gnolls.


Yeah, times two. Natural 20.


Jesus, we're going halfway across the world!


Thanks, baby!


It only can hit the one.


Does that show?


Is it like a fancy thing?


It could be worse, but it would take math. This is bad.


Can you turn an automaton, a robit, into cloud? Did we do that already?


There's two gnolls in front of me that I can see, right?


Okay. Five plus eight is 13, 14, 15, 14, so 28. 29 for the second hit. Then the Smite.


I-- we should go.


They could take down a ship, right?


What about Scanlan Two? Can Scanlan Two do it?


Yes, Scabrous Scrotus. Who is in no way related to Grog.


Don't worry, I won't wash my hands. (laughter)


Oh, I see somebody.


Ooh, The Sponsees. That's fancy.


The tavern?


You're going off-book, this is cool.


Okay, so that means one throw instead of two?


What are you doing?


Matt, why do you make things so evil?


Grande fantasy novel?


It recharges, right? Over time?


We're still doing this?


Oh, but our horses. What if they get eaten?


In that circular area, is there anything on the back wall? More candle sconces?


I'm just saying, look, it's not like we don't have business right now. You seem... what does he seem like?


I can't hold a movement, right?


Someone now asked how you two met, now, too.


Are we married? Yes or no. (laughter)


We've got to look more!


(laughs) The first thing that I was thinking, for some reason, was I would like to materialize the awe-inspiring sass of Estelle Getty, and pummel the stomach--


I think Spiritual Weapon because the thing is, is that I can move it from one to the other.


I'm gonna take manacles out of the Bag of Holding. Since he's holding-- his arms are pinned to his chest. And I'm gonna clasp it on both of his wrists. And then I'm gonna pick that motherfucker up on my shoulder and walk out of the room. I'd like to try.


I honestly don't know. I've thought about what it was like before I had this-- I'll make the sword disappear. Life was simple, but I don't feel like I had the ability to affect my surroundings. I was not a proponent of change. It's selfish, but I feel like I can do things now. I don't know if I would get rid of it, but I want to know what happened to him. I owe him that much.


Yeah. Double damage!


There's candles everywhere.


I'm also going to move to the front of the cart too, so I'm right there next to everybody.


Might I point out real quick, up to this point we are fugitives who haven't committed a crime. But starting now we will be fugitives who have committed crimes. Are we sure we want to do this?


And that was a terrible movie.


Oh, and I hide.


29 dex save right down the toilet.


Yes, it replenishes with my favorite kind of whiskey.


I'm right there already!


It's above our--


So we're at 30 gold now.


What are we trying to do?


She always like this?


All right, how far away is it from me?


Okay. So they're above his head now, so if he shoots acid down, they'll be here. And their command is, attack his eyeballs. Okay. I'm going to use my boots of haste. For my perception, would I be able to see any weird little bumps on the dragon? Because my brother's been in there a while. Can I see anything going on?


Is that a pooping face or--


This is what's going to happen. As far as we know, they're all duergar up there, correct?


I'll do mine, since mine's also a plus six.


Beau, Jester, Yasha, Caduceus, Fjord.


He's trying to kill us.


Well, I'm going to save it, then.


I'm stocked up on eccentricities, but if you have any oddities for sale, I'd be very interested.


That would be likely.


Just a small book.


Radius.


Oh yeah, if I leave, it's gone.


We cracked the case wide open!


Well, I'm fine. I'm just finding myself a little angry.


Great meal, great company--


I might just hit him. I might just attack him.


We're all a bit cranky. Maybe we should just turn in.


What the fuck? No wonder Tary almost died.


Laughter and music? I don't trust laughter and music.


Okay. Give me some sixes. And one more. Boom. Oh, lots. (laughter)


Beauregard.


We should probably start stealthing at this point, yes.


Yeah, elvenkind.


Put those books in this pink bag, okay? All right.


This aberration is a cake!


So how fast does the fall feel?


All right, sorry, guys, this is as close as I could get us.


We did? Why on earth would we do that? We're super strong.


(kiss) (laughter)


That's kind of what I said.


He has dark hair. He's got black hair that's really long.


Okay, I'm gonna run over the dude in the lava, I'm gonna jump on him, probably make an acrobatics check and land right around here, between the two little slimes.


We're going to have a whole pre-show specifically for the VIP seats. We're going to have a gift package! A special gift bag. And the tickets go on sale tomorrow morning at 10:00 am Pacific. What's PDT?


Well, yes. But there are multiple chapters.


He should have never left our side.


He has to do it. Without Scanlan, everything goes to shit.


You hit a button!


Are you armed? Somebody remove her weapons so she can put her arms down.


There's a whole lot of arrows flying at you, just letting you know.


Jarett.


I think I've heard that one. That puppet show.


Can you wall it up?


I think like, seven. Pretty sure my arcana-- It's seven.


You weren't trying to call Satan?


Everybody hates taxes.


Is it in a fireproof safe? No? Okay!


Well, imagine this is happening quickly, right?


I'm glad we still get shitty jokes.


She says to Caleb, who tells me, who tells him.


Fjord! Why you got to fart while we're fighting?


Thank you for remembering.


I will hold my... movement.


Yeah. Do I have to say ranged spell attack?


In case it's not, don't do that anymore.


Like maybe wear a Robin costume, cool, sounds good. Oh, already doing it, great. So great.


7 00PM.


Yeah. I believe you. I've seen it, too.


We got to act right now.


I was going to run in and take a look around anyway so--


But will you bring us to him?


Oh no! If this is like a running thing this whole campaign--


But I've got my wraps.


Do you have any more attacks left?


I'm aiming at the first one I saw.


(whispers) Sleight of hand roll, boy!


75 gold will not do you for that, then?


But it was only the five who competed who were robbed.


I don't think you made it to unconsciousness because we burst before your turn.


I'm a little shaky, as well.


Mom coming into the room.


And I cast Thunderwave.


This one? Plus what?


I load Delilah on the back.


Well, it's about time. I'm sick of waiting. (sighs) He walks out and meets everybody.


I'm going to try to back up.


How long ago did the bastions say that they raided the Velvet Cabaret?


Hang on, we weren't done. We weren't done. We have to do things.


Or maybe not.


I didn't use Alter Self to do that?


Ashly Burch.


Oh. Lovely.


Do I believe her?


Or fall in the lava. You just gotta shove them.


What the fuck? What the fuck is going on?! What fucking friend and--


Yasha and her gag reflex.


Would a Prismatic Spray beat a Prismatic Spray? Probably not, right?


I know, and it's at disadvantage. (gasps)


What's in that box?


Okay, well we'll make an evening of it.


And mine's proficiency bonus and dex bonus on top of that 19? So that's 30.


Should we just nuke it? Should we just nuke that thing?


(counting) 25 for the first hit.


That's right. And you-- You're not going anywhere.


Yeah, you're good at lockpicking.


We're in so much trouble!


Everything here is a contract.


Detect Magic's still going, by the way.


So then I will go to the piece of cake that Percy's on in the dark portion, but again ten feet flying above.


Pa, please!


You take your rest, love. I'll start up the mountain.


Seize the moment.


Oh god. All right. I whip out my String of Beads and I pull off a bead and I will throw it down at the creature's feet, just behind it if possible, so it and only it is in the cube of ten feet.


You can have him afterwards.


So far it's going great, guys.


(low, gravelly voice) I think I can do that.


It's a-- shit, sorry.


That's a three jpeg, man. Sorry.


14, so that's 24. And I have Keen Sight, which means I have advantage on all perception checks.


Followed by the Ashari.


Hey, the White Duke!


I would like to advance-- I would like to rage.


If you want my aid, I know that place like the back of my hand. I need some kind of assurance that when we find these motherfuckers you're not just going to grab your friends and run. Because I'm going to need some backup if I'm going to take them out.


A hundred pounds for the rock.


You want the top floor, I'll take the bottom floor.


Wait, no. Healing Word has a 60 feet range. You said 30!


What if we walked for a while and looked back. Let's give it ten minutes, and then we'll figure something out.


That's fucking stupid. I'm going. I wouldn't let him go to Vasselheim.


I'm going to see if I can just vanish stealthily.


(laughs) I do that for way too long on the road.


Yeah. So what do I add?


Just wait out of earshot.


So, Draconia is gone. Is that my understanding?


Bad and bad. 16.


She took 60 plus points of damage.


Vax. Help.


Empty. I don't know. Barely remember.


Oh, that only took five minutes to go that bad.


Right, it says, "Leaves, death here, no further." So leaves, death here, leaves of death here, but no further. I'm still working it out.


What do you want?


I speak Disco, but not Infernal.


Get it. Get some.


I don't know, I just heard about it. I don't know anything about it.


Did you loot Sondur's body?


May I also recommend that we leave the children out of that room?


This is the most fun I've ever had! (laughter)


Sure. Two strikes, straight-up.


You don't know what happened when I went through the portal!


The Geico slayer!


Off the ship?


Hold on, hold on. Let me do a thing.


I am risen already. I'm standing already.


Do I even have the ability to fly in here? Is there an outer edge where the magic is not--


That's not too much to ask.


And it tickles.


Then I'll keep that. And then what was the Guidance? Do I have Guidance any more?


Ziggurat. I don't even know why we're here. I thought maybe you'd come back and be like, oh my best mate, the guy that would do anything to keep me alive, there he is, I missed him. No. You come back, you've found yourself a brand new idiot. One that does amazing strikes, twice in a row. And talks to ducks. Has all sorts of new tricks, brand new model, new and improved in every way. I bet you do all sorts of fun things with him. So no. You do not get to apologize to me.


Look at the blood on there already.


You've seen what I can do with hair, right? I mean, are you really surprised?


My name is Phillip.


Nah, just two.


So I didn't-- I don't have the name of her damn--


So I can see that, huh?


That's the second roll.


Oh! Never mind then! Oh shit! Then never mind. Then I'm just going to take two points of violent shot. So that's--


23 I rolled, perception.


Oh, thank you, yeah. Ten plus six, 16.


And the ducks will tell me if there's anything wrong.


I'm going to do that again.


21! (cheering)


Actually, I think that's a good idea. Percy? The bomb that Scanlan is holding, could you fix a thing around it to possibly hold magic properties?


(English accent) English primarily.


Always funny. Always.


We had control of it when it was still in our hands. We don't have control anymore.


He's Vex, I'm Vax.


I have to do something else. That's fine. Hey, question, before we go on. Earlier, you said something, when Ashley did something, and you said, "And when anyone heals in the future, it's a plus ten," or something. What was that?


Percy, where are you at, in terms of hit points?


It's okay. We're going at a speed that it doesn't matter. Did that just happen?


Are you saying you want to dance, is that what you're--


How did she get hurt that bad? Oh, she took the full thing.


It's just my face with a cigarette still.


They remember.


Yes. Oh, no, misses, sorry.


(laughing) Pan to the fireplace!


I think we'll have an easier time keeping track of what is coming in and out if we just have one to deal with as opposed to two.


Oh, I got an idea! Why don't you go get a wagon as soon as we get to shore, and we'll help you load it onto the wagon, and then you just take it on in yourself.


Yeah, it could be. Do you want to wake everybody up, or--


I don't write too big.


I would have switched guns, anyways, but okay, next time. For some reason I thought it was an attack action.


Sweet. Oh! And I Hunter's Marked him, because I can do that.


Yeah, take the stone from his sister and come back.


Made the save using a legendary resistance.


Do you know how to swim, Beau?


Okay? Are they all of the same hand?


Can I stand next to you while you work on it? Would that bother you?


Anyway, good day, man. I go downstairs.


We're still doing shifts then.


Huh? Nothing. I didn't say anything.


Oh wait! Favored terrain.


Oh my god, I don't know if I trust Gil. I'm sorry, Gil, but I don't trust you. 18. I'll take that 18.


Okay, I'm going to use my spiritual weapon on him again, on Kevdak.


Yeah. Yeah, that's good.


I can't believe I rolled a natural 20 on my first roll.


I head-nudge him.


That was three, baby! That's my Z right there!


It's a terrible name.


Give me that pencil.


Can I assist for advantage?


You know nothing here.


Now we have to deal with the two dragons.


Super advantage!


Does the radiant energy have any effect on it?


The less attention, the better.


Come, sit down. I give the tabaxi another hug as we sit down. How have you been? It's been ages!


She brought you back to us for a while. I like her, too. Anyway, do you want the fucking boots back? Fuck! Yeah, sure, yes, fine, that's fine. I wanted to give them back, so there you go. I'm glad you asked for them back.


Not yet, but there are two sentinels and they are guarding something. I'm hoping that's someone.


Real grateful? You feel like we did you a good service today?


If I move, I'll get attacked.


Straight-up nemesis?


I feel like we probably should've done some research on Fenthras before we came out here.


I want that head.


Vax, I think you were a bad influence.


No, it's-- I mean, like, it's--


Yasha will stay with me.


Oh, that's good!


Hit him in his butt!


You'll be DMing a game for your family, I would assume. (laughter)


Guys, what are those shirts? Can you hold up that shirt again? Oh, there it is.


So after that's up, we all move as a group in that direction so we're within 60 feet of each other.


The guards, or the people that she has working for her, are they wearing any sort of face protection, head protection, or is it open?


I'm going to use Cutting Words to try and not have it hit me.


Naturally, she could make a house next.


13. 17 for the first one.


Yeah! What if there's a map to treasure?


When this was going on, I asked Matt if there was a caster yet, like any glass cannons, and he said no. So I debated between a wizard and sorcerer. When we went over the different mechanics, how a wizard and a sorcerer works, I was more drawn to that. And I'm a huge RPG guy.


I'm pleased.


I'm not feeling this one. I don't know. What can I tell you? I normally like to gamble and I'm not feeling a gamble on this one.


We can't stay together.


Seven, eight, nine?


You are the leader of your people. Maybe you should say something.


Right in between the orange guy and the gray guy.


I lost another fucking owl, goddamn it.


I'm going to-- I think all I can do is a Conjure Barrage.


I'm going to cast Hail of Thorns.


Cure alcohol poisoning?


We're going to Draconia, and we're going to see if we could find Tiberius.


That is you, right?


I have to go back to Zephrah.


I've seen this Twilight episode. He knows what is behind your screen the rest of the game!


15 didn't hit them.


Going to use another Luck. 25.


I'm going to get in the back.


Is there a roof to be got upon?


How much money do you have down in the box? Because that's a lot of times!


I'll start on the distraction.


I walk through the gust of wind and get my hair tousled.


You have your strengths, and while you may be able to "read" with your friends over there, I think it's also important to work on your weaknesses.


That's good. That hits. That one doesn't.


Can they see down to where we are? Does it just keep going?


Don't kill it, get us out of there!


It's time for one message. Does she owe you money? I can have her find out where it is.


So soon.


I immediately hop out, pull the boat up just to beach the boat.


Jester's that person who keeps trying to record the voicemail and gets cut off. Aw, re-record, one more time!


Okay, that's fine. That's 13 points of piercing damage.


I guess I'm going to try to hit him.


I'm going to cast Fly on myself and see what's going on.


I give it a little (clunk) to see what I feel.


(strained) So will I. (laughter)


It's a shame we didn't just get rid of a wagon not more than one night ago.


Oh cool!


I added my 100. We each got 100.


Scanlan's got the book.


Demesne.


It's just burning the herbs, though. We don't need the censer. Just hold it in your hands.


I'm sorry, I know this is not your preferred form, but it is only temporary until I get ten more gold. Let's go down and get some breakfast.


You want to go up to his head?


But it does use poison?


Well, because I am not as tired as you guys-- I have been working so hard, but I'm going to stay.


It's so cute.


Why can't you keep your boots on for that?


I'm going to sneak next to JB really quickly.


Yeah, backing up.


Exactly. (all laugh)


Well, this evening I'm going to use it for the grand purpose of being my pillow in the bag, so I'm going to sleep.


Wow, it sounds like us last week.


Third one--


I'll walk in the direction, just get in the area that they're in, so that I can try to read their lips.


This is your lucky day. This is very dangerous to give to you, but you are the perfect person to have it, so of course, well, here it is, it is yours. This will allow you to paint things and they become real.


Would you rather just run like Spider-Man? Up to you.


Yeah, but that's going to arouse all kinds of suspicion.


Do we know where that is?


Oh, well, I'll push it open and look inside. What do I see?


That didn't--


Never an accident.


Well, I mean he's obviously messing with other people's property! And I walk over to the sword.


East on Wildmount. Is there any other sign? Can I see a tree?


I don't have a coconut. I--


And a small amount of the green gem, if that would be possible, that's left over from the mining operation.


I might. I'm a little wee man.


Is it just dragon scales, or is it any dragon parts you use?


If you survive this fight, I'm pretty sure you'll bear the strongest child anyone has ever known.


There was a young fellow named Brewster, who said to his wife as he goosed her, "It used to be grand, but just look at my hand. You ain't wiping as clean as you used to." (sounds of dismay)


Thank you, my lady.


Bravo. Bravo!


Can you tell the future?


Taking a sharpshooter shot.


Coupons, that you can sort of pick out of it like a--


We won't.


Liam, did you just buy 20 shirts?


Hog-tie him.


I was hidden. 20 to hit!


I look at Trinket and wink.


I grab the other body and start dragging it or at least its torso.


What did you say?


Nice. We go in.


I want to sink my dagger into her arm, sever all around her shoulder, and rip her fake arm off of her body.


Powder monkey?


What do you see? Has he posted anything on Facebook lately?


Does she have a fragrance or anything? Like a perfume?


All that improv school paid off. (all laugh)


There's lots of downstairs rooms.


No. Not that.


Plus two to AC?


I don't know. I guess we could go back and talk to the Earth Ashari. You guys haven't been there yet.


Oh yeah. I'm moderately okay at this! Oh no!


Let's start finding our friends, and we start making friends. We let them know we're back.


With Cutting Words?


Okay, I can move 15 more anyway.


Yeah, you stank.


He's not going to Whitestone. He's going to go to Wildemount, which is on another continent. If we go to another continent, it doesn't matter if we're fleeing or not. It's going to look like fleeing.


Nott, why don't you get up on a table and get everyone's attention and ask the room if they know anything about Algar?


Buffalo-type creatures, or buffalo?


We love you, Critters!


Yeah. That is.


Lauren Spinach.


We can't be here.


Okay. That's good.


I really want to, Mr. Caleb. Like, you all seem so nice and you're the first people I could even say that I've made friends with, but this is too important.


How much have you heard?


I think I should gather the group and try to make it back to the other storage room. Just to get us out of this area specifically.


Esma.


We'll be friends.


The "SAS."


Well, I've already spent my one 6th-level spell turning us into fucking clouds.


I'm going to go pee, you guys.


I'm going for the black thing.


Like get you ungrappled. I don't know if, so, question. Could Bigby's Hand toss a fire elemental's ass?


That's actually the first time I've critted on this show.


I just can't remember if it is. Do we have a Player's Handbook?


Not very wise!


She was definitely naked.


Does it look like anyone has been here for a very long time?


Full-contact stats.


What was it that got you?


Get. The fuck. Out of my nightmares.


I'm going to at least try and pick it up, and--


Beautiful. It's covered in white irises.


You can speak to the horses?


It's so in character.


Sucks to be first!


I look at Vax and I go, you were just playing around, right?


It's not terrible, but it ain't good, 14.


Maybe that is better.


Unless you invite them.


Awesome. He's not here right now. What are you going to do?


So pissed!


Thank you. Might I inquire from you fine gentleman where we might find some medicine or healing potions? These lepers are set to relapse. That way? All right. I'll head that way then. Good day to you. Keep warm.


Except for this one.


Our charity, 826LA, after-school tutoring.


There is nothing, short of full dragon apocalypse at this point, that could faze us. We can live through this. We'll be fine.


"Apparently."


I'll open the door. Yes?


Perception. That's not terrible. That's a 16 perception.


So glad you were here.


Ooh, you're stronger than the thing!


Why does she seem anxious? Does she seem different? Does her demeanor seem different, or does she just seem in a hurry?


Just once though, right?


Where did he say he was gonna go?


What kind of sack is that?


If you want to visit the House of Vulva, you and I can go later but not now.


He's a schmuck.


New money. (laughter)


Timer's done!


It was so hard watching you deliver that while looking like you just murdered someone in cold blood. You were talking about wonderful things while looking so incriminating.


Oh, just her?


Good night.


You must leave immediately?


Have we healed her up a bit?


No, this is a cool thing.


How many points of damage was that?


About there, then.


What? Lemme see-- how much-- how wise are you?


Okay, then I want to stay high. And I'm going to use my bonus action to cast Hunter's Mark on her.


I know I like you.


I keep imagining Lord Strider.


I don't know how to do anything without you!


That would be awesome.


But it's Westruun's money!


Okay, that's a--


I say, hey boo. I'll see you soon.


I run after winged she-bitch.


I've got a Scrooge McDuck-sized pit of Xanax at my house I'm just going to dive into.


This is bullshit. I'm going to stand there, hands on hips.


That was a double move?


(laughs) This is rough already!


That was supposed to knock you out, and now it didn't.


I turn to Fjord and I go, I'm not a claque, this show's bullshit.


Beau, Caduceus.


Yes, I'm a guild member. It's funny because it's kind of a technicality. I don't know how that happened, but I'm here.


You can also hold your action. Just as an option. Not to help, but you can hold your action.


He's going to kill her with a slap.


And I feel all shake-weighty at the moment, right?


They'll have to move the orb to do that.


Anything else? Anything else? Anything else? Did you see anything else?


How long is the duration?


I mean, at the very least that'll be fun.


Who wanted to be a god. And his name was Vecna, and they called him the Whispered One. That's all I remember, he tried to achieve great power, and I don't know if he was successful or not.


They're not owls.


I didn't think that far ahead, I'm sorry.


So it was--


Isn't it a roll against a roll?


I can't hear you, but we don't have much time, so let's move forward carefully, please, and it's just the two of us so, you know, help me out, will you?


I'm making my own light source on the staff now.


But we could find out, and since it's a wish, we'll have plenty of room to fix this. We don't have to do it immediately.


I'd like to take a look in the cave as well a little bit.


Too many jokes.


We're busy here!


No, don't touch it, Grog, I don't trust it. I want Allura or Gilmore to look at it first.


It's a problem.


(yells) I'm so nervous!


Tried to do the Sherlock Holmes.


Been in our game since day one.


Is he moving towards the altar?


You sure they were just cows? Or donkeys? Or buffalo-type things?


She's a dwarf.


Yeah, the really terrible one. I'm doing that to help keep us shielded from the rain.


I did not say you were my babysitter! I just wanted to look at the books!


I'll do that. What is that check?


Is that a werehyena?


It looks like the landscape is going dark? Not something moved in front of it, or like something is moving?


And 12.


That's gonna hit.


I take my sister, put my hand over her mouth, and I drag her back about 30 feet.


That's okay, I'm going to roll them both. Okay. Six additional. Did I say what my other damage was. Was I speaking out loud?


Just make sure that she knows that you love her. And make sure that she knows that you're there for her.


Athletics. Dang it, Bobby. That's a 16.


That's ten damage.


Oh god, all right.


You can definitely do it to Ogden first, then, 'cause he won't be able to tell.


You should thank Percy.


Do I have a shot in hell? Of disarming them?


Who doesn't want to do exercises with Fassbender? Abs of stone, that Fassbender.


Motherfuck. Whatever.


Who had I shot before?


I'm just gonna (grunts) in the back of his head some more. I'm still invisible according to Tiberius' Greater Invisibility spell.


Yeah, of course we will.


No IOUs or you know--


I want to hear all about them.


I rolled all sevens. So seven, 14, 21. Oh shit! What did I say? 21 plus another eight, which is 29, plus another eight, which is 37. Plus another six, which is 43 points of thunder damage.


It's just one!


I rolled way better.


(drunkenly) Yeah.


Could you teach her how to do the spinny thing?


Now? I don't think so.


(singing) Best lay ever.


Seeker, what do you think? What was your goal of coming here?


Okay. Well, when should we leave?


Oh, come on! Oh, it's not too bad.


Oh, it's her eyeballs.


Wait, just moving? It can still attack?


I should have killed him back at the shop.


14, plus four lightning damage. I don't get sneak attack on this guy, though?


I'm going to throw it away. Wrist Pocket! (laughter)


Where are you going, perv? (laughter)


Let's get a god in here. Light or dark meat. I don't care. One or the other. Get one of those ladies in here!


Sarenrae comes down and says, never mind!


And then he'll grab Scanlan Two and Dimension Door behind the dragon.


When they walk by the house, push them.


I give him a second to sit and I wait until we're all inside.


Are we bringing the bear?


To the one holding the kid.


Okay? It's your best feature.


Doesn't say.


Conflict between the Julous Dominion?


I'm Burt Reynolds, esquire. I'm an attorney at large. I represent all manner of escaped mental patients. (laughs)


We're penny pinchers.


First of all, it's raining outside. It's daytime. There's no vampires out there right now, right? They don't like water, do they?


All things considered.


Great. Ooh.


I don't think this is actually the time of day, I don't think nature works the same around this temple.


Can Yasha fly?


I am at one hit point.


Would they have been in the walls? Is it possible to be in the walls of Ank'Harel?


They do call me 'Grog the Locksmith.'


Well, it didn't say anything about a payment. There are four dragons killing everything.


Son! Turn down that Whitney Houston tape for a second!


(ghost noises)


I want to leap at him and try and grab him around the waist.


We need Caleb up front too, to guide us.


Sorry, Miley Cyrus.


What if we cast Fly on the bear?


Healing potion?


Are there three regular crownsguard that are going with Molly? Or is the Watchmaster going with them as well?


(whispering) Scanlan. Scanlan! Will you buy those books for me, and I'll reimburse you?


Holy cow.


(Laura voice) Is this favored terrain?


It's fine, don't worry about it.


20, you said?


Then I have another action. I'm going to smack him, the friend that's still there. 11?


Oh, I wasn't trying to do a perception check. I'm not searching for anything, I'm just checking in.


Yes, we do!


We don't even have a laboratory.


(laughs) But I'm starting to wonder if this is what all those heroes I read about when I was young, if this is what they felt, is just a lot of getting very comfortable with not knowing and being nervous and wondering if you're really just the villain of someone else's story.


I'm waiting on my beer.


Saving throw at advantage.


Air elementals.


I mean if Avantika thinks it's okay. Does Captain Avantika think it's okay for us to take ten minutes?


Oh, jeez! Is it a charm effect?


Robin, Robin go ahead.


I would have had to have said it earlier, which I didn't know.


Squish-squish.


I got this, I got this, (fake belch).


He's smart.


Insight.


It's true Scanlan, you should probably wait until you're feeling a little more present.


23 for the first hit.


Yeah, big day! Swimming! Lots of calories! I'm gonna go now.


I've got a coat and a mask.


Uh-uh, that door is locked, motherfucker! (laughter)


Could you tell?


I haven't angered it.


Are you trying to figure out if the stores are still open?


If you'd gone down there, I would've jumped right down there.


And we have many, many items.


You cleaved his head off with the blunt end of the knife.


All right, did you go to school?


Inspect it for traps!


I am sweating all over.


An audience is all we're asking for. No favors.


Yeah, what does it do?


What, plus eight?


Percy takes one step behind Keyleth.


Did it feel like a theater?


The map's right.


Yeah, but then if you guys get fucked I'm dead, as well.


One hour?


That's not that long of a walk, quarter mile.


If we had the power to bring one guest player for one session.


What do you want to do, Scanlan?


You have to play like that all night.


It's sweet. They announced the Batman cast and Laura is playing Catwoman Selina Kyle.


If he's up top, I would have been up there with him, too.


And that makes you want to make out with him?


Six lightning damage.


Be priests of Vecna.


So what do I roll to undo that? Dexterity? Lockpick?


You know we can kill you.


No, he needs the help.


Our blacksmith is Taika Waititi. So into it.


My turn.


That's me!


All right, I'm going to try and run up the stairs toward the undead guy.


I sit there and I kind of pet him as I look around the corner.


Yesterday was really not great.


Fruit. Don't be crass. That's just weird.


Do you have a powerpoint?


It should be noted that the playwright did no historical research on the Dust Bowl. (laughter)


A seven, a five, and a three. (cheering)


Yeah, it happens. I can't move my duplicate out of the darkness.


But come on. I'm a triceratops! I've got to have some fun first, right?


Thank you for that night, by the way.


Sam saved our asses.


We'd have to be lucky.


Good. So as I'm running up to the carpet, I see Percy go and I'm like, "(growls) Damn Tiamat-lover!" So I bring over the Horn and right at the tip, on the carpet, I let it go. "You deal with it then!"


Is everyone cool with that?


Shush, performer. Well, sir, I appreciate your candor, I appreciate the cut of your jib, and I appreciate that you are a man of honor and of your station. It is very, very rare to find someone who respects such things. Obviously the damages must be paid--


I'm going!


I just might appreciate some other things.


All right, so persuasion?


In the white thing?


(yelling) Again? I just got out!


Look at Pike.


Twelve beef jerky strips are going.


Absolutely. You lead!


Coming up from behind us?


And I use my bloodaxe, and I'm going to start whacking him in his stupid plant monster face.


Yes. Grog.


I tell her all the best parts, and leave out the naughty bits.


When we're safely off the street, I take off the Hat of Disguise and reveal myself.


(gasps) You got married, Yasha?


We tied them up.


It's a DC 20 strength. Oh, I'm sorry, no. Never mind. It's an attack roll.


Commit!


Oh, I didn't know that she sees it because-- Oh, I didn't know.


I can do eight people, so that's everyone, including Kima.


Why does no one want to stay and play with me?! Can I step up on the ledge, like an assassin from Assassin's Creed, attach the Chain of Returning to my axe, and throw it at the back of the pit fiend?


I'm crying so hard. Oh wait, we're all doing them.


Oh shit. Can I have grabbed that as I walk over to him?


This is weird.


Oh, this means we'll probably have to go in the water.


I don't know what you're saying. I can perform perfectly.


I'm changing dice. This is bullshit.


Even though that's a bonus action, I'm going to do it as a 5th-level spell.


This is definitely going to be really good.


I say we drop everything-- we take a pit stop in Whitestone and head towards the Feywild.


I can't hear anything.


And it's the only way we can go is through this door, right? We're all smooshed into this hallway--


I'd like to move up to the treeline and see where the mud is, and see if I can see any sign of something big moving through the forest.


Be that pretty, and graceful, and sing really good, and have a bunch of people think she's wonderful?


Yeah, didn't you see him right before we left? He was right in front of Delilah.


Yeah, I have a little bit left in me, Mollymauk. Will you help me up, please?


Didn't you move? Wait, no, you moved, didn't you?


No, this is good.


And then, for Trinket's action, can he run up after Grog on the roof? Can he try to scramble up?


Collateral damage. It's bound to happen.


We should avoid it.


Is math or something?


He's leaving town tomorrow.


Oh, it's True Polymorph.


Can I walk over to Vax while they're making a show?


The tree is responsible for a swampy bog.


What're you two doing?


Or like ink?


That guy deserved it, but we did rip his tongue out, which I think was a bit harsh.


I appreciate that.


You might not get that chance! It's the manticore's turn, and she might save right now!


Yes, I need books, that's true, but did you find drink yesterday?


When you're out in the woods and that's all that you have to eat, they have very tender meat! And, to be fair, (whispering) Mollymauk is a little bit of, I mean, I wouldn't trust him either.


It's a freshwater loch, right?


Can't we fly? Can't we be flying?


Pike's daddy.


That's a 25.


I'm looking for signs of mining.


Natural 20. (yelling)


Use Luck.


Yeah, Ashley killed her. I mean, Pike.


Wherever it stays. Well, let's take this stuff back up to the warden?


I will prevent him from doing that!


I feel like in the moment I would just do it really at a-- shut up.


This seems a little unfair. Sure.


(VO as Mephistopheles) "Ugh, damn it, Sam. You're blowing it. Come on, come up with something, anything."


Well, I've been getting a lot of questions lately about, like, how do you write these ad things? I make it sound like, "Oh, I just come up with it on the fly!" It's not true. I spend a lot of time. In fact, I have a file here of rejected ads that I didn't deem good enough to use to promote our friends at D&D Beyond. dndbeyond.com. Go there, sign up, use their service like we do. Here's just a few. I'm just going to rifle through my files. This one's terrible. It was a pirate one, I was going to wear an eye patch, and go, "Ahoy and welcome to D&D be-yarrrgh! Grab your duffel, set the binnacle and follow the freebooters to DnD beyond dot carrrrrrm!" But it didn't make sense.


Oh, yes. We will.


What is that? 20.


I think I'm okay to keep going.


Do you have any money? (laughter)


Boy, I wonder how long before Ophelia's ready to go.


I am the champion of the Raven Queen. And she has allowed me to track his every movement for a while now.


I take my axe and hit it in the belly!


Oh goddamn it, he has it this whole time.


I'm already raging?


Hey, guys. I had a thought. You know we were all supposed to have a meeting with the king? And I haven't been paying attention if anyone's watching, and we got time to kill. Should we go have a talk with the big man?


Did you see the tower explode?


(laughing nervously) Well-- who brought me back?


Plus the inspiration.


We have our, who has our papers?


I'll jump off the wall.


What happened the time it didn't?


Do I have some sense of that?


(whispers) What?


No, you were going to the Platinum Sanctuary.


Well, I wasn't there for very long, but I think there can be. My brother serves Death, Keyleth!


Do they know we're coming?


We're trying to signal everyone!


(growling sounds) Me and Trinket are telling jokes in the back of the group.


Drift up towards us?


No! I don’t!


But that's more for--


Oh, he did survive.


Well, that was the weirdest seven days I didn't know I had.


And some Yenk, I imagine.


About what time is it, anyway? Light still coming in from the outside of the tree?


Didn't see me.


Taliesin!


I'm following Molly. As I follow Molly, I turn to Nott and Caleb, and I say, just stay back for a second. Back us up if we need it.


No, no the old man asked him  oh, I need to redistribute.


Sure! That will be great.


Still rolling shit tonight. 12.


They just said that they're taking me to hell, or something like that!


No, I love this.


I very carefully start unfolding my robe and it has my swords very carefully laid out in there from the closet. I do a little prayer and put everything back on.


Plus bless, which is good. Wait, what was that?


It's a 120-foot range.


I can't do much more than what I did before, but that's 25. Get a one. Roll a one!


Let's get out of here!


Yes? Hello. Bit busy. What?


We should show her the letter.


Can you poke a hole in them?


What does the licking do?


You know that spicy fruit you can buy on the side of the road? We're doing spicy fruit.


You think its dead?


So we can only assume that, what was his name?


Bad choices, all around!


Words, shave words in--


I mean, some turquoise could pop it up a little bit.


I forgot we had to roll for this part.


What does the eye say to you? Anything you remember?


Hi, little monkey.


Look, she already hates us.


Scanlan, what are you doing here?


Oh, because we haven't seen it yet?


It was pretty good, though.


This is normal, right?


I'll take the front of the other side of Yasha, since I've got some armor.


(shouting) Yasha's still here.


Okay, I use Thaumaturgy and I send-- I don't want to use my duplicate.


I'm going to start looking through Frumpkin in an attempt to let Yasha know I am with her. I make Frumpkin do this to her forehead (knocking) with his paw.


So it's a glow stick.


Right, well, that's been confirmed, it's not.


No, that doesn't hit.


It definitely wasn't the thing we're looking for.


Aboleth.


(singing) Takes me away to where I've always heard it go.


At least. Percival, you've aged. Keyleth, you still look the same.


God. Nine.


Oh. I could light it from here if you just toss it down and dive.


Like a squid in his own right.


Do I have to heal Trinket anymore?


Are there any kind of tracks around, or footfalls that look like it was recent?


I might throw up.


You know, keep a distance. When you hear no more fighting, it's probably safe. Probably.


We don't need rest for spells, we just need rest for health, right?


The Hope-Devourer?


Just for the day, right?


I am intent on continuing my journey on to the Water Ashari tribe. And I need information from him.


"Ar-chi-pelago."


How much of a problem is the Move Earth, and how far can we go? A thousand feet, with the Move Earth?


Give him the damn paper.


Suck it up, man.


I'm going to go a little further back behind Scanlan. And I'm going to pull out Bad News and hold my turn.


Scanlan, it's a very pretty rock--


Okay! Oh god. I see it grow more heads and I'm like: Cool, cool, cool. I'm going to reach up and I'm going to bash two of its heads together! Then do a little bit of speed bag action!


Yeah, until he needs more.


Let's call him--


Right, I wrote it down! It's soon, right?


Somebody be Gambit and throw that bitch.


If it goes, then I'm--


I have.


We surround the building.


She's the one.


I definitely want to move. I want to move over there behind that-- over here. Yeah. So I'm a little less conspicuous.


It's cozy down here. Okay, so with the dead body, I hear what's going on - we're roleplaying it up!


What kind of weapons did these two have on them?


All right. Pinky out.


Weeks of sleep.


Sorry. I don't speak Fish. (laughter)


If we could figure out where Kevdak is and drop in on that point.


Thank you. And would it be possible if we bring friends of ours in the future who are--


I can make them run away.


Yeah, it's a racial ability.


Wait, what did you do?


Yes, under the swamp. Well, wherever. Just blanket it.


It absolutely has -- Remember, it laughed at me when I tried to crush it --


Am I rolling, as well?


And when you say "war machines," how do you mean?


All of that, as to why are there are fucking ships at the bottom of the ocean.


With my shitty vision.


It's bad thing to roll a natural 20 on.


Not without you. You'll come with me?


(strained) Miss!


He had another eye, right?


Where's Dottie?


Yeah, more of that.


They're really pretty, right?


The metro's running at this hour.


(whispers) I had a feeling it would be a locked bookcase.


Could be anything!


We don't need it.


That's an old joke.


(timidly) Hey-- hey, guys? We're friends, right? Are we friends?


It's because you smell really bad, and it's wafting over this direction. I'm just letting you know. I would hate if I smelled that bad and someone didn't tell me.


Shooting again.


We worked so hard to get him that far.


So we all strike right on him. You two are going to take that little journey. The rest of us, what shall we do? I have many options and they're all fun. So Percy. Your sniper rifle. I should think that you want to post up and start taking out position.


And then we just shoot out of the Feywild. How about no.


That's a very big hit.


Healing potions, do you have any?


Mere passage of an hour? That's good, yeah.


Save yourself!


All right, hitting it with my bite attack. Ooh, that's much better. Chopper, sic balls.


That will put them in the courtyard, it will not probably put them in the woods.


Oh, can somebody burn the edge like the rest was in the fire or something? Oh, and then we can put it in the fireplace like the rest of the letter was burned!


No. This is honor. This is pride. This is a life worth living.


Hmm. Hey, will you do me a favor and don't hold it against me?


I take all the mirrors off the roof of our bedroom while he talks with Scanlan, and then we go to sleep.


Ooh, good!


I'm going to be meditating upon that a little bit later. Let's head downstairs.


Our intent is to get off this island without Tiffany, correct?


Are you sure it's not on the table?


50,000 gold an hour.


Cheers. Cling.


And roll it.


It's half of us, Laura! Jeez!


Like the famous little owl with the star eyes?


Why not, is the question I want to ask.


Okay, the name is great. I'm just thinking maybe in practical use, not the best idea here.


It's complicated. Where did she say to go? It was through the kitchen?


Can I take my Chain of Returning and attach it to Craven Edge and throw it through the doorway that I see?


Snap. So are we going across the river, then?


Seemingly to no negative effect, I've made a tunnel.


I was doing a look around to see if there was anything new.


What's she got in there?


Oh, shit, can we buy potions in this city?


Okay, I'm not going to use that one.


Oh, that's right. People are looking for it.


Patrons.


Wait. He's going to sense what I can scry, can't he? Maybe I can just try and scry inside the lair?


You go to LootCrate.com/CriticalRole to see your selection and then if you sign up, you get three dollars off the first month, which is a really good deal!


Do you think happy thoughts?


Rocking it today.


I like it. I think that is a very good deal. What's your name, sir?


200 feet square? One on each side?


Okay. I'll hop up back on that, out of the water there.


It's what it says.


As Keyleth jumps in the bed on the background.


I'm not arguing prison politics--


Fuck me.


Do you feel inspired? No.


Did the aid I give help at all with that?


What's wrong with you?


Well, it's a metaphor.


That's a strong four.


Everybody hold up for a second, could we crowd-surf the bard up to us at the front please?


No, it does nothing else.


Go fuck yourself!


I want to leave one of the pamphlets for the Traveler sitting on a bench.


And the only other thing would be, like, a second Pike to do all of the Freedom of Movement stuff, and things like that--


Like a satyr. Like in those ancient Greek paintings.


Or with these fabulous kids right now? No, Yasha needs to come with us. We need her help.


No, she wanted to summon an elemental.


(gasps) Are you okay, Pike?


Do I see any kind of markings on the obelisks?


Right above us, way up, or a floor up?


What if I morphed, though? You weren't supposed to know!


At least, I think I am.


Oh, shit... He doesn't make it.


They don't like Clarota. They aren't going to listen to Clarota, especially if they're controlled by another being.


Shouldn't be offering things that you don't have.


Oh, sorry. I thought I'd kill it the first time. I'm sorry you had to do that.


I'm going to crouch down by this dead rodent. Do I sense the Queen, more or less, here?


Yes, but probably not any you're going to be happy with. To be fair. I may make a post later on Twitter tomorrow or something to really talk about it. I have a lot of feelings about this show.


So we can take turns.


He's not?


No, it should be good.


Arcana. No! (laughs)


We're here, we're here.


You punched--


We'll heal her after she talks.


You didn't see tunnels, right? You didn't see tunnels in the sides of the volcano?


Catching on the power line.


Oh, we're so much alike.


I think Grog wants to go.


Tell us about the LootCrate, Sam! Tell us about the LootCrate.


I will help you do that if he missteps.


The ground is still super duper hot, right?


Okay, then I am going to just move. I am going to act. I am going to do things. So I turn to the guy who just hit me, and I am going to cast Dominate Person on him. I will sing some sort of song to dominate him with.


With a Y? That would have taken forever.


We need to look at this research. We need to figure out what Raishan had going on.


Now it does.


Oh my god, this is so awesome.


I turn around and I look at the city. Do I notice... commerce? Does it look like things are slowing down?


Well, it’s an intermediary, so does not have to look--


I did it on you, too. So that's seven points of healing for you.


Oh, the beard is still there.


We did sign the card.


Disengage, baby!


She's been stupid, all right?


Okay. It's something.


I look forward to it.


That is what I assume will happen.


I get closer and do the Superbowl shuffle in front of our new visitors, like, yeah, that's what we did.


Holy shit. That's good.


Yeah, we're at 1,521.


D&D Beyond. And Tor Books everybody. Tor Books, Tor Books, Tor Books.


Let's get a little closer.


Investigation. You're terrible at those.


That first one is ten points of damage and three points of psychic.


Okay. We have to look pretty?


So I'm going to take the fire sphere, and just start funneling it right down and start cleaning house.


Ooh. I just yank your hair as hard as I can.


-- a tunnel going towards the mind flayer side, with no lava--


Wait. Is he ten stones?


Aldor?


The close of the harvest.


It’s either a lot or a little.


I'm already there. I'm just being fucking grappled. Is it my turn?


I have a very low wisdom, and I rolled really badly.


It was a bow that felled the titans.


It's not a roll. Not great. Investigation. 17.


Love you, too! [cheering, shouting]


Only when I go to sleep at night. (all laugh)


I'm going to peek over the edge. And is there a way that if I happen to snap one of those chains that that thing would go slamming into him?


Okay wait! Damn it! First time Liam's walked away from me in the campaign!


The new Scanlan. Yeah, right.


And also 19.


With what, the gland?


Ah, help, I'm under a tree! Also, you hate me.


Can you give us the key?


Let's hope nobody dies in this fight.


All right. I turn around to Orn Blackfoot and I'm like, "All right, mate. Last chance. Why should I let you out?"


It's always good to lie.


And I'll be playing at the Laugh Barn in St. Louis. (all laugh)


Trinket! Jump? Come. I smack him on the butt, and I jump in after him.


I think so. We're not trying to get all the way there, just past this.


Sentinel bitches!


You know people in Zadash?


Hey, you've got our stuff!


Somebody that can turn invisible has to go get her.


How much time does-- How long is too long?


The magma fortress.


Have you been practicing any of the techniques that we tried out?


To go with the package.


What is on your mind? You're very quiet. You're not thinking about leaving us again, are you?


I still have the pitch in a bucket. The shit in a bucket in my hand, by the way.


Much hidden knowledge?


Is the temple on the way? Does it make sense to cross through the city, or does it make sense to fly up?


Thank you, Keyleth.


Fire rains from above!


Yeah, there was a new Super Power Beat Down that came out today where we are challenging Darth Maul versus Spider-man. Because, why not?


What happened just now?


Me? Oh. For a bonus action I'm going to take a greater healing potion. I'm going to do that at the end, though.


Are you sure they weren't looking for us?


Please bring me to him.


And by they're you mean us?


I thought he was going to answer. I thought he was going to answer!


I think I can only handle one of these, but we'll find out what happens.


Well done, though.


But we're going to hide amongst this rubble on the opposite side and you guys are going to start.


Oh, I got it. (blows raspberry)


Okay. She'll take it.


See, aren't you glad that wasn't me?


-- and you were trying to do something--


There. And then I'm going to use my Charred Dark Staff, being right next to the son-of-a-bitch, and I will use Witch Bolt one more time, only because it's got the biggest amount of damage. I'll use it at fifth level, so I'll still have one charge left on my staff.


Finally!


There you go. A little redemption.


We all start going, "Go home, bats."


This horse? Maybe he has a name. Molly?


All right, that's happy.


But you're a wee man.


You know where I am. It could be that I will see you before too long. Some of us have more time than others, of course.


First one's 15.


Two swords!


The point is we're here to support you in finding out what's going on inside.


Although sometimes I do climb into the tree and I hug onto one of the branches--


I believe him so good! 11!


And we've got that leather from that weird bat creature from the Underdark.


All right, can I stand up?


(gasps) I rolled a ten. Out of ten.


Stone-cold killer.


Is this all being said in Draconic?


Her rage will fall.


Then I'm going to spend a ki point and do one more.


See-through Caduceus.


That's dark, people! That's really dark!


That one hits. That's a 19.


14 plus-- I have no idea.


To look like one.


I'm going to ask the moss to make sure you have a very comfy sleep, do what they can. You guys take care of that one.


Nothing in them. No threat, no danger here. A little lost, apparently.


He’s going to know his medical notes are missing, right?


Boysness.


Actually, that's not a terrible idea. I was going to volunteer to be pulled by--


What if you spend one more night with us, here?


I'm saying, we all hear the yuan-ti or Nott hears the yuan-ti coming?


Yep. That's some old fucking Street Fighter combo shit.


There might be people I trust.


It has a name. It is called Chastity's Nook.


Okay. There's still a-- Two questions. There's still a stick floating in midair with a rope tied to it, correct?


No, it's going.


And the will of the people there?


Which is why if Keyleth can figure out a way to cure her of this disease, it takes a big card off the table.


Just don't touch them.


You're not going to kill another pony, are you?


You see how she did that?


Ooh, what strange book places?


He runs the Hall of Erudition?


Except, of course, that they're making ready for war.


I think it's 1d6 plus three. Plus seven if it's an attack hit.


Well, we came to you.


All right, taking a look. That's--


I have a question  the metal on the ring with the pearl in it, what is it made of? Can I tell?


40 stakes, four gold. Totally happened. Then I went to the temple of Sarenrae and I got two vials of holy oil. One for my sister, one for me.


I feel stupid.


It's a bean with a dick.


It's Phoenix something.


Grab some stuff from the kitchen, some blankets from upstairs, some pillows so you can actually be comfortable in the cart. Yeah. Be nice.


We have to keep hitting him and try to break his concentration.


I know, we do have some more never-ending rope. And we can keep using that. A lot of it.


Hang back close by though, right? If something goes bad--


Wow, right?


Is everybody in the chamber right now?


She rolled a ton of sixes.


Would we have done that?


Level up.


Sondur?


But what is known is that there's going to be a fight tomorrow.


Vax. Vex. Vex.


No, it's so that this doesn't happen again.


Caleb, do you have anything to draw these symbols?


We think so.


Sorry, sorry, I don't want to cut you off. Keep going. Keep going.


How you doing, Pickle?


Would there be any result?


Ooh! He does have a potion.


Quick sidebar. This is better than anything we've ever made.


And back to you. Welcome back. Thank you for waiting. We've all had our fill of snacks, drinks, and relieving ourselves of the ones we had earlier. So, before we return, we actually want to thank you guys for having all the subscriptions you have. Since we started playing, we hit a thousand very quickly. You guys are awesome.


While I'm tempted-- would you just-- I feel like I made a deal. I'm just going to have to see to it.


There's some of them now. Am I stopping?


Sorry, Clarota. I just have one quick question. Why would you want to rejoin your colony after they've banished you? Why not leave?


Also, Enlarge runs out and we crash on top of Jester.


Okay, let me see what that-- oh, that's Grog's. What am I doing? Okay, so 20 was the first roll. 20 is the high roll. Oh, wait! No! 22.


We probably need to stock up a bit.


Yeah. That's a 21.


Yeah, I think we all will.


Come up with one.


Tiberius, you are smart and I am very stupid. You are extremely handsome and I am ugly.


Wow. Okay.


Right above him.


Until we hold and we wait for her to appear again, which she will inevitably will.


I say we keep the sword.


It was terribly grisly; his hair was on fire and he burned horribly. Maybe it went a little further than I anticipated-- I have killed people before in defense, ja. But not like that.


I just watched all that.


How long do we expect to be gone for?


Like a wizard times 50.


Grog. Grog.


I'm going to quickly say  Kendall is getting to second base with your wife right now! Do not respond to this message! (laughter)


Second attack. Still not great, 15.


Take a tumble.


I just did too, that was great! And a ticketing link can be found on geekandsundry.com tomorrow morning 10 AM B-- no PDT! Help me. I'm stroking out.


I feel like sometimes I get nervous to get close to people because I feel like I lose them. And then Molly.


I thought so, too! He looked really good.


Yeah, I have a feeling she's probably using a lot of energy to do this, too. Pike, do you know how much longer you can stay in this form, that you can stay with us?


It stays there?


Fuck, man.


By a bit.


It's like a nervous tick a little bit.


Yeah, I'm not a happy guy.


Bye, guys!


Whoa! They're titanium pearls!


You got this, friend. No, you don't got this.


I'll take out my blade.


Hashtag Save Vax!


