It's on the other side of the bars.


How far does it look like the pustules spray?


It's got the word "sex" right in it! Sextuplets! Sex sells! Sextuplets sell!


Okay. Do I have any type of bonus action or anything?


Yeah, jellyfish sting and it's quite painful.


And I'll-- shit.


No, the High Warden did say--


I thought that's what he said.


So we gotta get ready for Critmas. So we're going to go offline and back up so we can make sure we get this episode uploaded to you guys on Monday. The longer the video, the longer it takes to transcode and sometimes makes it take longer to get up, so we'll be going offline and then right back up for Critmas, guys.


Hey, does anyone want to come to my room and look through my shit to see how Pike's doing?


Simon 2 is going to go get the thing. Let's say they all start watching the thing come towards us. Grog, are you here? Are you with us?


It was a pretty good show. Up until, you know, the dead people part.


The third one is a 20.


Oh, got it. Nice, that's fine. And can I jump towards the baby? Actually just to the right of the-- just over here.


Is this a whisper?


That's Liam Neeson?


Settle in.


He's not my twin brother.


Oh, I hadn't thought about that. (all laugh)


Not a problem, you guys. Sit back.


That's really shit.


I love that-- I wish that everyone could see that the crew is in utter revolt behind us right now.


34?


And the guards leave us in our rooms, obviously.


No, Nott is. Nott rolled a 21 and I rolled a 20.


Hot!


Well, go quick.


Don't they though?


I'm at disadvantage?


Yeah, you keep practicing to be a monster.


Oh, god. I never knew.


(laughs) You're in jail.


That is not correct. I was not hit in the final fight.


I'll take the garlic.


Oh, god, Keyleth!


I'm going to put on my least interesting cloak, and I'm going to go find myself a cemetery.


Wait, she can't do that again? You can't do it again for Kima.


Vampire giants.


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah!


There are definitely a lot of trees, yeah.


Several.


You are a dear, dear friend. You are a dear friend. And I give him a big diagonal hug. A long, strong hug.


Wow. Oh, nothing.


And it's going to attack her.


(smarmily) It's pretty high-level stuff--


Don’t call it a Crick, it’s insulting, it’s a derogatory term.


Only because we seem to find ourselves in quite the predicament.


All of us together?


Actually, I'm going to use this new d20 and see how that goes.


What does it do? Wait, he's doing it!


What a terrible thing to say in the presence of the Dawnfather.


Keyleth isn't a--


I do not. Yeah, we can get out of here. Just, on our guard as we go.


The giant tales are to be respected.


It's got a gimp hole?


Let me see your hand.


Did I look at the goblins?


Yes, that's what he said.


Do I have advantage-- I don't know.


Yes. And see if I can fly up and over to the door.


Can I use, I guess, my entire action to run towards Scanlan?


Oh God, I nock an arrow, notch an arrow?


I'm a master of a good burn. Does that give me fire resistance?


It's a he! God!


And those two big trolls.


Real estate. He buys and sells properties. Mostly buys and holds. Leases them back to the kingdom who sold it to him for a huge markup, and charges taxes on people that use the properties, exorbitant taxes. And he shakes down people who use his properties. It's all very shady and murky, but it all involves real estate.


It looked like he dropped it.


Well, I can send him a message the same way I try to talk to my mama, and the Gentleman, and Kiri sometimes.


Yeah, firbolgs.


I mean, a businessman can sell anything, right? Why don't you get back into it? You still have all those connections.


I mean, it was on my mind, but I wasn't going to bring it up. (laughter)


I saw things.


Oh, yes. Okay.


We're walking out in public at this point, right? And there's people about? We see other beings about?


Tiefling thing.


I start hooking up the horses.


I want Kern.


Is the, is the-- Oh, sorry, go on.


And we're going to mist back, but after she's bamfed. All right. So think happy thoughts, click your heels together.


Just for funsies.


That sound is creepy as fuck.


Don't act me a fool, and don't treat me like one either! None of us are half-wits as you are claiming. We would not be fooled by such a creature like this. The words he speaks are true. And we believe him.


A few months, you say?


Well, maybe he won't.


No, let's not.


I mean, you could technically just go on it alone and I could--


They tend to sort of heal themselves, though.


Okay, so I got an armful of gunpowder.


That's what the letters for those words are. (all laugh)


Oh! You fucking didn't!


That's not a good lesson to learn.


I feel like we are really doing bad at this detective thing.


Can we please go sign this contract?


I heard voices. I heard Pike saying a poem. I heard someone playing music.


And I do so by taking the...dwarven thrower and smashing it against my chest. And then I chuck it at him.


I got three on that.


I'm trying not to.


Like a spigot.


You're not hideous.


Weird thought  what if we try to walk away from the tower?


I don't like that idea.


Stillben?


Wait, does it come off?


And we know that some of you have stayed because if anything else, this is your home.


Come on, Vex!


I can take measurements from that.


Can I about-face and wait on the other side of this?


The city? Who's running things?


Did it break the wheel?


She's turning around and head-butting the woman. No, I'm just kidding! Yeah. I'll hop off the platform and run towards snake in armor, right? The one you cast on.


Why would you not want to-- why would you want to be in a cell? Why would you want to stay there? Someone's offering you freedom for nothing.


Why're you waking me up?


I send Frumpkin. He will run around the entire building, if he's able. He's also able to climb things, so I will get him up on top of window sills, if he can, to take a look inside.


We'll find out won't we. 33 for stealth.


What comes after Jester and I in the initiative order?


No, no, no.


Sure, yeah. One of us will be back here tomorrow as well.


Oh, that's true. Okay, well then I'll do it at, uh, level two.


Yeah. Big tall neck, all furry.


No. They can see through things. It's going to be complicated as well because we have value as well.


I float down eye-level, but I'm still floating.


It's the undead!


We are so weak!


Is it? We can try and time it to a step.


It might be a terrible mistake.


And don't look sneaky.


Right as we all ran in at the same time.


I did. It's terrible. I don't know if I saw my son. I know where they are keeping people. I know where they are keeping their prisoners. There is a trap door. You can get through it, through a mess hall and through another room and a hallway. There are two Iron Shepherds eating in the mess hall. There are, I think, many under the trap door.


Just us, then.


Volves?


That's 15 damage.


What do you mean we didn't think it through?


Is Victor in there?


Do they look old or like a fresher tattoo?


I'd also like to bring Pike out every once in a while and we give challengers a shot in the Crucible, but mostly I'm trying to improve my mind and looking for the next challenge.


(Grog voice) Can Grog move at all?


I think I hit my microphone.


What if you take a letter and just sign it "Knights of Requital" and rip off the rest, so who knows what it was, it's just from them.


Take the moonstone. Keep it with you. If you need me-- well, I won't come, because I'll be away, but--


Burn that shit then the spider will come and we will burn that shit too!


I go over and I grab Scanlan--


Okay, he definitely does not get a secret disguise to help him get through the city.


Ooh, ten.


Oh, Sprigg.


Don't look at me, I have a tour to give.


Yeah, for some of it I had.


So he shouldn't be halving his die?


That seems like a bit much, doesn't it?


I'll die once I finally come back.


Sorry! No, we're just going through stuff. Back to your drinks, everything's fine.


Kynan--


That's that.


Can I run across behind it?


No, this breakfast beer is perfectly reasonable.


It's a wall of wind.


Constitution saving throw. 18.


What is this syndicate you speak of?


It's a very big barn?


Like a flea market town.


We can try attacking them, and if it gets bad, then we use the TNT.


Oh, right now! Sure, let's go then.


Stay in school, kids.


Okay. See how far you hand goes.


Letting you know that if you order them, it says it on the website, but you can check it out, it says they're going to ship in a couple weeks, depending on when they get printed again. Just know that if you order them there's a little bit of a delay, but it's fine, you can still get it. Put it in now, that way you can be sure you're getting it this time.


Not a chance. I didn't catch that at all.


He needs the Bang Bang Man.


Keyleth, I want to kill a dragon as much as you do.


Yeah, I guess. I feel Percy unhook, and I start the forward momentum. Pointing that direction?


(sings) You're the best around! Okay, keep going forward.


Oh, it's ash. Which-- it's lovely. It's very nice. Do you want to know more about it?


I'm going to look around the store.


I want to kill that guy so bad.


Okay, I want him to just explode with a radiant glow.


Ah, fuck. Shut it.


I don't-- I don't think you're supposed to eat-- that's creative.


Okay. We now venture along these roads cast through the ages of de Rolo descendants as we make our way to the annals of Firecracker Alley. (laughter)


That's good advice.


Save it for a rainy day.


A Draconian-- you come from a political family!


You're the best.


(quietly) Oh, she's gone.


I turn, I go Minxie and I curl up by the fire.


I'm going to go forward a bit, onto the next pressure plate.


The balls-- good effort.


I feel like Celestial would be what the Dawnfather would speak, though.


You guys go, everybody hang back.


I thought we all said we went.


I know it.


I'm starting to think you're all very bad luck.


Okay. I'll rewrite the name, at least, on the side of the ship.


We literally went through this before.


We're on the clock, here.


Because you saved my life yesterday, you may have one more silver piece.


This is the King's Guard guy?


Oh my god what is in there?!


She's not doing anything.


That's rough.


Oh, I'm proficient! 18.


You should really separate out your dice, Ashley.


But that goodberry...


So the second one was 16, the first one was a 15.


That is the question. Now that everything's on the table, I'm sorry to shock everyone. I was hoping not to be the cause of it. I was hoping that it was time for everything to be on the table. But this is actually what we're dealing with. This is the complexity. This is the battlefield.


All right. But I can't hear the dragon? At all? It's stomping around.


I got my Vicious Mockery rolling.


Yeah, you're knocking this flirting thing right out of the park.


And I'm sneaking into the dark as much as I can, but I want to raise up and be where I can be above them and shoot down.


Why is Matt Scarlet Witch?


Countercharm. (jazzy saxophone riff)


We have immunity to what, now?


Pardon my friends, their tongues have been cut out by our captors. I'm all that's left.


The Bonegrinder.


Don't you have a spell you can cast that solves this problem?


(clap)


Oh. I've got to get out of here. (laughs)


It could give us information about these dragons.


You helped us.


I would like a cask of ale.


Could you feel it happening while it was? Were you conscious? Do you remember what you did?


Tary, do you drink anything?


Ooh, yeah. Do we know where that guy is?


14 for the first hit.


He can't help it, he's a klepto.


I have healing packs in my bag!


A lot of money.


Above the tree, yeah. Yeah, yeah.


It's like 2006's The Core!


You burned my.... kind-of-boyfriend?!


Women, fighting, ale, that's my job.


No! You're crazy.


We priced it out once before, and it was like 30,000.


He ain't going to be hitting me.


We still need proof that this came from her, that she wrote this.


What? Vex?!


I wonder if he's awake yet.


You don't know.


You're on the war camp side


I think it's suicide. (all laugh)


How do you know that was close?


Oh, it's probably magically protected.


Thank you. 11 points of radiant damage. Thank you. My brain is burnt.


(laughing) On his back.


Pickle, come on.


Does he get an attack of opportunity?


Yeah. We do need to decide something. Beau walks over to Keg, and grabs Keg by the coif, and tries to slam Keg into the ground.


Of course. Doesn't mean they're not shitty selfish ones.


Like angel of death problem? No?


Hold on, he's making a check.


(makes farting sound with chair) (laughter)


Would you be interested in negotiating? Right. 200 gold.


(singing) Get out the map!


Pleasure.


(sings) Decapitation!


It was so good. Amazing.


That's the best running I've ever seen! The little gait!


Just out the front door.


And in that hour we can look for a place to rest? It's like pushing for the next rest stop.


I want to start playing The Entertainer.


Which I do.


Oh, damn it.


But it doesn't anymore.


In your belly?


Really, are you sure though? Have you ever talked to a dead person?


Trinket follows Percy. He's following Percy.


(singing) Ashley, Ashley's back, Ashley's back in the game, she's back in the game and she's never going back and Blindspot is no more. Well, maybe it is, we're just not sure, we're waiting to find out.


Okay, so that's?


That makes my ten look titanic.


Yeah, they're mean, though.


If I generate something such as-- as exquisite as a red dragon, say, I'm sure somebody like the mindfellows-- If they do flee, the camp will be empty and we can search it and free the slaves. If not, they will give chase and they will come and bait it. Either way, it works in our favor.


So it misses?


The rules need to be changed.


No, but faster and safer.


Break?


Oh, hell yeah.


If you did know, then you'd be one of the cool kids.


And I smack Doty. (all laugh)


You just made a bow.


I know, right!


Doty? Are you okay with staying on the beach?


Caduceus. I don't-- okay, yeah. (laughter)


I've no idea what we're even fighting.


The first one was 16.


She says, I would have killed the dragon as soon as it came upon us, when we first arrived in Westruun, but that damn Kevdak formed an alliance with the beast.


You roll her really well.


That's not too depressing.


That's my memory! 100 gold a month for each of the guards, and then what was the extra?


By the way, what you said back there, with your family, about me.


You too, Gil.


Sneaky fucks in front.


We heard the same!


He was sitting here 20 minutes ago. I rubbed him for luck when he was leaving the building.


I want to make it barbed noose to go around his neck.


You almost lost that gauntlet!


I mean and look out for a home in the forest? We'll have to fly pretty low. I'm assuming the home is going to be covered by treetop.


You can't do anything else. You can't hit me?


He was an arch-- yes, go ahead.


-- stealth this. Prison assault, and I could do a Locate Creature, and we could just figure out where Hotis is and try and completely, yeah, prison break this. Without signing any contracts.


Do I know anything about Yeenoghu?


Oh man, that's going to be loud as fuck.


Wait, I have resistance to poison because of the Belt of Dwarvenkind.


I didn't.


Are we doing that now? I mean, I can help him, just--


Yeah, sure, yeah! Yeah, yeah, okay. I'm going to go to the kid.


Oh god! The whole crew is dead!


A fancy bundle of crystals.


We should have white from back in the day.


And we can use weapons if they suck, right?


Listen, there was a shitload of gold.


Killed a what?


"Dear Sam, my whole campaign uses D&D Beyond, and their new shareable links really help us play faster. Side note: I love your interactions with Taliesin in this campaign! Don't change that dynamic, it's perfect and I can't get enough of it. Thank you."


What's going on in your past, and if that means we have to go fight some shit, we're with you, and if it means you say, "Let's run," we'll run, but we got your back, big guy.


Is there a central meeting place?


I have had very bad luck with people's skulls, so I am going to send the fire into her thighs and legs and burn the bottom of her torso and even the center of her being, her stomach, and make it burn in upon itself and harden in blackened crust.


I make his head dance a little bit.


And with her bonus action, she would like to rage.


Just be dark and not attract any other attention?


There's like seven or eleven of them.


We are amazing! We need to start looking because we only have a few minutes.


Like freckles.


Would they be capable of making the smooth tunnels?


I guess. Sure.


I feel so interesting.


I'm still hasted, so I'm going to use a bonus action to go stealth.


While you were up the crow's nest, what happened?


I'm going to take the axe and go straight across her navel.


Heroes' Feast.


Fucking balls. This is not good planning.


Pretend like you're a Dallas Cowboy and drop it. Is this yours? Is this yours?


Seems some people handle pressure better than others. He doesn't seem like the handling type.


I don't know--


Short rest is down at the bottom.


Are you listening underneath the boat? Using your sonar?


I think it's maybe because you're not his sister and it would be weird because that's his sister's name.


Hide it around. Put some in your shorts, put some in your shoes--


I think the best trap we have is Keg standing behind the tree.


Yeah. It's fine, it's fine, it's fine. All right, then I'm just going to...


Wonderful, this is. Wonderful. Magic Missiles, of course.


Allies?


I'm still stealthed, though.


I throw the cup away and just take the cask.


Message understood.


(laughs) It was the exact same number!


They came to visit, 'cause I had sent them a little money and a letter.


I forgot to say what else I wanted to do.


My whole life was dictated by establishment that I didn't have a lot of control over. The Cobalt Soul has this underlying faction that helps uproot corrupt establishment. I know, I scoffed at the idea of being a part of a system that's supposed to take down systems. It doesn't really make sense, but you know. Maybe you, if anyone, can understand the idea of fighting fire with fire. That's why I'm doing this.


I'm a damn pirate now. Watch out.


That's not a bad idea.


This is Caleb.


With red hair and a big patrician nose--


Lay down! You want to lay down! You can use it!


Four lightning damage.


Can I assist? Can I help?


That was two death saving throws right there.


Yeah, those people first.


Nope. Got a solid five.


It says lightning damage.


Yeah. You got non-clanky boots.


I said yes. I meant in the mansion, stupid.


(laughs) Oh god.


Actually, I'm closer to that hallway. Yeah, I see them over there. I'm going to run towards that hallway full speed.


Shouldn't I do mine first?


They're making something big.


Can I try and climb that column towards Umbrasyl's feet?


Yeah. I just thought I'd try.


So I see where I am in that circle, what are the big clumps of poop in the middle?


Too late. It's happening.


Turtle person?


"Spoke to The Myriad," yeah…


Challenge rating of two.


Well, I mean, can he fly, or can he levitate?


What do you know about that?


And I tell him, only give this to anybody if they come looking for us and they're angry.


A nefreeti?


We should definitely talk about it.


He goes for Keyleth?


Oh no, dodge it!


Were the porthole windows in the wall, or in the actual building?


Dragons.


I've seen Percy make shit, I can do it, too! (blows puffs of air)


Thank you, you're dismissed. Back to the music room.


Why would they be in a line? You're just assuming they're going to be in a line instead of clumped together.


I have a purple flare too. We should all set them off.


Yes, they have something underground already.


And Trinket runs.


They're locals. They should know.


3.


Does my Pass Without a Trace work on him too, does it like envelop him--


No, I did Conjure Animals.


Ugh. I'm going to call you Orn Blackfoot.


I'm glad I let Grog hit you 'cause I know it hurt more.


No, seriously, though, she's an elf chick. So she's an assassin. She's got dual-wielding, and she wears feathery armor. It's so freaking cool! So basically, it's like if Vax was a girl, which is Vex.


The birds are out already.


For four points.


Yo, Yasha!


Abandoned building, part one.


Maybe that's his name. Power.


Can you Dimension Door?


How does it start?


No. We haven't gotten those yet. But there's other things to explore.


When I say, "Tary," you say, "Who?" Tary!


About six months.


You could always do like the astral projection thing, right?


Do I hear that?


Okay, do your shit.


He can do an attack or a bonus, but not both.


You've got this Scanlan! Come on!


I mean, yeah, sure. I worship him, sure. He's more like my best friend.


If you go under equipment--


Nice to meet you Fjord.


I was pretty sure you said "Fjord," but okay.


40. No, 39.


Okay! I cast Anti-Life Shell. Stay close!


Well, you're a bit intimidating.


(robot voice) SAM 3000! (laughter)


Oh, Jesus H. Fucking Christ.


But we short rested, didn't we?


I am proficient in history.


Yep, and I jumped all the way down.


We could make a distraction. Some of us can snakey.


And the, because they're all negative three. And I attempted to teach to Lockheed to hide and speak and to stay.


Yes, they're like, oh look, fish, I'm not going to eat that. I'm so bored of it.


27 points.


We've also discovered that Ashley has more dice than Laura, apparently.


Oh, we didn't get to talk about your sword!


No, right now it's, right now it's even keel, I feel.


Tank this, and you'll be all right. It's just swords.


That couldn't have gone any worse in the beginning. They hit each other maybe once, and then it was all on!


Don't, it's dangerous!


Please, Vex, a little respect, he's a physician. (laughter)


Three, but I'm going to use my Luck to try that again. 18 plus two is 20.


It has to make a constitution saving throw.


Yeah, sure, that's what I did. Popped Trinket out, flew back up, grabbed Grog, came back down.


No, it's more than that!


Everyone. There are definitely no traps here.


Wow, that is so high.


What kind of armor is Sir Kerrion wearing?


That's what we have to beat with our trammels.


Like a... I think that's a film?


Yeah, I'm going to try to jump to her. (laughter)


(laughing) Why are you laughing!? Holy shit!


Like, every once in a while I look at him and I go:


Or as a bonus action.


Nope. I think you should take everything you can, but I can't steal from this one.


Oh man, it took 114 episodes that we finally have a title name drop in our show. It's a critical roll.


Really, they're alive?


Jester, I need some pocket bacon for breakfast. Jester? Jester-- oh, she's probably taking a dump in the woods.


Do you know what I miss?


I dabble a bit in the arcane, nothing too impressive, but a little more than nothing.


Grog is always in the way.


Do I know how to do that?


There's no pockets! All right, but I'll check.


I'm going to use my first luck of the night.


(screaming) Oh, Matthew!


Is it blocked in and webby all along the ground?


Oh my god. It's like calling Time Warner Cable.


Sinterklaas!


That's what I said; I'm staying within 60 feet of you.


Do you have any sort of religion or tradition of heavy metal or something?


Did we search the ogres?


Oh god, that looked like a one for a moment. Sevens are scary. No, it was a seven. I was just staring at it going: oh no.


Nope! I'm not sure. I'll do a perception check to see if it's--


I think May is World of Warcraft, DBZ. It's got all these amazing things and I was like, I'm a part of all of these things and I want it!


Just glögg. Lots and lots of glögg.


The Myriad does some scary stuff, you guys.


Oh, it's like, people still make these things?


Like Vasquez.


A professional is on time, Laura.


First question to Marius  how do you pronounce your last name?


I locked it!


We're supposed to secure the safehouse.


Okay, I'll take that other 30 for now, then.


You mentioned the lighthouse. Would we need anything to enter the lighthouse? Some token of familiarity, or some name that would get us a tour to meet the proper people there?


You don't seem fine.


All right. That one doesn't hit. Doesn't matter. Doesn't hit anyway. I missed it.


Drag everything indoors.


And I take half of that as well.


(gasps) Did she blush?


Yeah. Oh, how about this? Maybe we can tell Scanlan to set off the thingy. I'll come running out as my old crazy lady, saying, (screams) the house is under attack! Toward the guards guarding this house. And then I'll just stand there as they react.


Am I drunk or am I not drunk?


Are we hitting each other now?


Five years from now, your children will be able to Google this. I'm just going to remind you.


The holiest place?


You know this rune over here?


This assassin came through my window.


If worse comes to worst.


To look for a symbol of the Stormlord.


I wouldn't mess with him if I were you, just to be safe. And I walk up and I give Trinket a kiss on the nose and I put him in his Pokeball.


And it's to the east, you were saying?


Yeah. Healing Word at level two on Beau. I know that's lame, but it's something. Oh that's good, that's 11 points of healing.


Still do it.


It autofills, so that's 13 points of health to you right now.


Pick from your fucking 300 dice.


That's good! That's 21.


Another Heroes' Feast?


I spent so much money on these!


It's gone, you got it.


I do have advantage on this?


Yeah, you need--


There's a casino. You want to go to the casino? I don't want to go there.


It's the sword. It throws him off balance.


I deal 16 points of damage.


I start--


Can't you heal some people?


It doesn't say! How do you know?


I didn't say it! Just maybe he wants a little privacy. I don't know! Think about it.


We're all shit out of luck! How does that feel?


I feel the reflux-- the conflux.


And I wind it up and make some pretty music.


Can Keyleth clothesline him on the way up as a fire elemental?


Happy Birthday!


Yeah. I'm going to use disengage to back a little bit away from them, I'm going to scrabble up the wall-- where's the light, no-- I want to go up by Keyleth.


You lot are taking good care of me. I appreciate that. Thank you. This is going to be fun! Right? Tomorrow?


I'm not talking about life or death.


Also, can I figure out being in here, do we have any idea how those portholes, those four portholes up above, would feed into this room?


Nope, it's good.


I think that guy dated Clarota's ex-girlfriend.


I just keep my hand-- come on, you have to be that hard?


This is a really terrible plan.


Are you kidding me?!


Oh, it looks like this!


Why do you stay?


You weren't there. That was probably a night you were gone somewhere.


Yeah, no, it's getting better. Should we get off of the titan, maybe?


Is he in a place where he can climb, or no?


Do not touch that, Taliesin.


Or a giant toad sitting in the water?


'This'?


Scanlan stocking cookie there.


But it's not a beast, by definition?


She's a Heather.


I don't know, they're pretty resilient, but, okay.


Speaking of, wait. Where the fuck is Pike?


I'm pretty good. I have not let go all of my preparation for the day.


Fucking kill her, man!


I understand. Well, we can go back and I can show you, if you'd like, but it didn't seem like--


From what I know of this city, it's not a locked city, is it?


You know what? You were amazing, we killed them, it was great.


What did Jumnda say?


More like a shotgun.


I can make a roll for it.


(gasps) I was going to ask if you read fortunes! Can you do one now?


Could you be a sick tiefling?


Your foot is melted off.


That went so long, I'm sorry guys.


In theory, we all have water skins, don't we?


Caleb, I lived it, so I remember, but for Caduceus, can you remind me why Gustav was locked up again? (laughter)


You have 115 hit points.


Me?


Your constitution, and then I wasn't keeping track, and I looked down and it was way past my constitution, and I was like, "Oh, Matt? So what does it mean if you're this?" The look that he gave me, he was like, "Oh." And he just paused because he was like, "Oh, that. You're dead." (all laugh)


Don't. Dive. 1000 fucking feet.


To go home and train?


This is how you see yourself, right?


I know! You think goliath is any better? It's the same fucking thing!


We'll see. Tonight.


So the more places we make him look, the more of a chance we have to get it away from the magic users, right?


How is that sad?


They look for nothing but strength and honor.


-- sort of a cagey individual that he needed to interrogate, he had an employee named The Dog who was a large man, who would come and just squeeze them until they talked. Why don't we just do that here? It seems like it would be much quicker than talking in circles like this.


Wow. My initiative is such dick. All night long. All campaign long, let's be honest.


Only sometimes.


My AC's 18.


Last page.


Maybe I get a sudden urge for some reason to just poo on the bed. (laughter)


And we're dashing


Jesus. That was a hell of a 50th. Fuck's sake!


That's all right, you can tell me later.


I'm all right. Give it to others.


A whole bunch of stuff, but I can't say it around them, I just won’t, out of principle.


Yeah, they're at the docks or something.


Her husband was a vampire.


Hoods forward.


Oh, I'm keeping an eye on it. Yeah.


All right. And is there anyone around me? I just can't see too well from here.


(scoffs) Yeah, good luck.


And you're sure of this? This is what the kraken does to people?


Push him out further.


(gasps) It's the sweetest thing ever.


They misted in.


Are you going to set the books on fire?


Sure, as soon as the hole gets bigger. I'll open the other box with my Mage-y Hand-y!


Who is, by the way, my only way to get out of here right now.


Still going to talk to Yennen?


I haven't felt myself recently. You know, we have these fights and some of them are pretty epic and there's monsters involved and I'm usually on my game, but lately I'm feeling a little off! How do you cope with that?


I'll help with that, that sounds like a great use of time and not watching this.


Tip of the spear!


He's got a little pinkie nubbin!


That means good.


Is this going to be self-dalliance or are you going to need a partner or two?


That amazing commercial. They're always so good.


I'll be okay, you shot me before.


I feel so bad.


It's a dexterity? With disadvantage.


That goliath is dead.


Oh, like candles for funerals? That's sad. We do have a lot of tragedy.


Are you sure dragons are real?


To inspire myself, I take a big handful of fusaka. (laughter)


Now I know Looney Tune physics doesn't work in this world.


Well! Anybody see anything?


My mom will want to meet him!


You know you can cast that from a distance?


You're at--?


Ooh, we're Star Trek fighting.


Below the belt.


We could throw it in the black spinny thing under Whitestone, or--


If we said, "Hey, I heard there's really good slaves up in this mansion--"


I know all of them. I did live here.


They keep a fairly close eye on their patrons.


Where we're going, we're going to get some furs and all that sort of stuff.


He told me--


Yeah, are they magical, Tary? Are these magical?


Is that a swear word?


Okay. I’ll stay.


Oh shit, that's 20 points of damage. Cool.


I don't know. I have a spell, and I can use it before we rest, but I don't know what to use it on.


So I can't see its body.


I would like to watery rage.


I was very happy with the pink mohawk. It was a very good mohawk. It was black-light reactive.


Don't forget his exotic facial hair, as well. That probably lends to the whole package.


They're always shitty. It's a 100% accurate prediction.


Hey everyone! It's me, Sam Riegel, the wackiest guy in D&D, to tell you about D&D Beyond! I love D&D Beyond because it helps me organize my character, Nott the Brave, so I can concentrate on being zany and doing Nott's voice.


It's an eight because it's a saving throw.


Off to the side.


Well, I already went stealth earlier too, I got a 25 on the stealth check. I can go again if you want.


Those are the Knickknacks of Kaa.


This is why we should've taken one of the circus tents.


Oh, I do. I roll. Yep. That is 11.


It's summer.


Oh, every other time is fine.


Vax, you with us?


High school notes?


Well, let's finish this conversation over food.


Oh, that's great. Yeah, that works. That was investigation and it's 26?


Are they appearing buzzing more?


Jester has it, doesn't she?


All right. You take first watch. We're going to zonk out.


Fuck that die.


I was looking at the red one, closer to me. I don't have the fucking pointer!


We'll start a brand new text thread.


Oh yeah! If I had a potion, that would be great! I will do Thunderwave-- Thunderwave at third level.


That was full road runner.


It'll be good. It'll be at a restart, when we all die.


Because Mary killed the white dragon.


Oo-G. Oog.


Okay, at level three.


If you die. (laughter)


Is Trinket's intelligence higher than Grog's?


Don't forget your blessings!


Get busy living or get busy dying. Butt-print.


I'm think I shoot at disadvantage because I'm longer than 30 feet away.


Well, that got dark.


He's definitely not going to--


No. I do not. I just-- I put it up.


It's possible. For money, anything is possible.


On the dead guy?


Hi, I'm Will Friedle, and I apologize I'm a little bit woozy. See, we finally perfected the technology, and I've been shrunk down so I can paint a mini close up. Join us on Painters Guild, only on Alpha. (elevator music)


Healing Word.


How about I just sing a happy tune?


What are we going to do? Leave through our window?


I could learn a few things from you. That was a good apology. Damn good.


I missed this.


I'm a student here.


That's like 35 to hit. Jesus Christ, I rolled a 19. And that's 17 points of damage and one point of psychic damage.


Insta-death.


With blazing bowstring.


Oh here you go. And I squash it in my hand.


No! You are not supposed to trust anything in the Feywild. (laughter)


I'm going to dig the lodestone out of the dirt.


Yes, Keg, we are.


A couple under the ice, a foot or two away.


At the end of it I go  I invoke the ambassador's right of war time as of now, and moreover as your son when I provide concrete evidence, you will know. But in the meantime, I would have you gather 50 ground troops of the Draconian knights and 50 winged soldiers of the wyvern fleet. Have them at the ready for my signal. I know it will take you a few days of travel to get here, but this is a town of vampires and possibly liches, which you know need to be destroyed no matter what. Your son, with love, Tiberius.


You're gloomy. Lock it up, here we go.


You seemed a little more at ease. I'll lean in a little bit.


Who butt shaves?


Eat that lembas bread.


What, the cloak not helping you with that one?


I'm definitely using Blood Maledict then, at full use. That was not good, that was bad. All right, that's all right.


Not great. That's a natural seven, so ten total.


There is one on the map.


Where it should have been happening.


Yeah, no, I think we-- We brought this on ourselves.


26. So what's--


I know exactly what time it is, don't I? Yeah.


Tithe?


(frustrated noises)


I'll sneak in, tap his shoulder, come back out, see if he wakes up.


Yeah, I like the ocean. I don't really like the ocean. (laughter)


On our way there, I pace next to Kash. So, do you-- have you met Kima?


Not yet, let's find out what it is.


No. I think it's in the 30s.


Oh, I'll take it.


I don't think he's very sanitary.


Take my life, but not my beard.


Jesus Christ!


Is there magic on the key?


Singing sword, and black hole?


What object?


It has given me so much comfort over many years. I love it. Thank you.


So you would hold your turn until Grog's turn.


No, you said I couldn't assist him. I had no intelligence to assist him.


No, I can't do that, because that's when a person makes an attack roll. (all laugh)


You got played.


I don't know. I don't know if it's the wine talking, but oh man. I feel something I've never felt before, Percival.


(squeaky voice) Mmm, yep.


Constitution check to see who passes out first?


Chainmail chokers


No, dead forever. (laughter)


Did that look arcane to me?


We need sanctuary. Can you make your mansion?


Oh, 19.


She's probably immune to magic.


I'm not squishy, I go with them.


Get up and out. Yeah, regardless.


Like a kangaroo pouch?


What's 15 plus seven?


I'm gonna just roll forward and crouch in front of her low, to give her a shot but be in front of her.


You can bury that as deep as you want.


One more?


Other side, possibly?


No, because you have to hit one, and then you have to hit the two together--


Never happened before.


Yes, and I show them the map that we just got. We're heading that way. Can I take the ribbon that was wrapped around the map and tie it around one of my horns?


I feel like I'm learning things here.


I yank it off of her head and put her back on the ground.


Lady Kima, we need to get you out of here.


Yes. We could all relieve ourselves in this room.


(laughing) No you do not!


I will say that from what I gather of this realm, it probably isn't enough.


Should have stuck the landing.


It's Powder from the movie Powder.


Yes, definitely, a very large beaver.


Oh, that's going to fail. Ooh! 18.


Oh, wait, Vanessa. Wait.


Yeah, I know. Let's get you home, okay?


Trinket, hop on this rock.


You have a bomb?


The scorpion rides on the turtle's back across a river. The scorpion stings the turtle, they both drown. What is the moral of this story?


Amazing, 1d10. (counting) Sorry, I should've looked at this beforehand. 14.


We have to make our way to the big tower, right? Super fast, and invisibly. Oh, we're also vampire creatures!


Megazord!


Tyriok, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Scanlan One is going to Counterspell this. I don't recognize this spell?


Well, we could risk it or-- Keyleth, are you able to put up a wall?


Come across a couple.


I think they thought we were patronizing them.


No, I can do it. Yeah.


I start building a positive chi. Like a healing chi ball.


Sure. We said that we had prepared our flashlights before, didn't we?


I'm going to check that trunk. The chest.


Oh, is this a party line?


So, the guy knocked down over there is-- let me see that pointer. This guy, that's the one that we knocked out with the arrow?


Antiques.


Perception check with disadvantage?


Marvel Puzzle Quest! No! Magic  the Gathering - Puzzle Quest


That's five total.


So the first roll that I had rolled was a five, which adds up to a 12.


Oh, I'm suffocating in the brain!


Ask if he needs assistance or divergent--


You're a dick. Trinket rolls-- what is it, a dex save?


Even that would be a step up, but it seems like we would have to do something in order just to earn that much.


There's an image on the website, right?


Yeah, if it's good I keep it, if it's bad I toss it.


40 for the first. Second one is a seven. No, it's 17 for the second one, and the last is a crit, and that is eight.


Just the boots.


They did, yeah...


Would you normally, you know, hijack a caravan like that?


Oh, I love doing light things.


11. (sings along with the music)


I'm unfurling my Bull's Strength scroll and reading it so I get a plus five to strength? Is that a thing?


Oh, what's the word I say, I'm sorry.


He's very personal with the cart.


Nott's over there.


I give him some grass.


Yeah, I'm one of the Diamond Dog soldiers that you can eventually recruit and play as, and so you can either shoot at me a lot and kill me a lot, or you can run around as me. And apparently once you get me I've got better stats than Big Boss, which is pretty fucking dope.


Urgh, I'm a bear!


Okay! Like, within five minutes.


No, stay in the corner, Grog. Wait 'til I say help me, and then come kill everything.


Oh, hi.


What was that cash prize? You had mentioned some sort of--


Then I will bonus action dash over there.


Well, we should probably blindfold him ourselves on the way there so he just don't even. We'll figure it out.


Should we leave a note throwing them off our track? Like, "Oh, you know who took this? Fuck you! Love, The Iron Shepherds," or something like that.


Talk to Wilhand?


Well, then, I'll just make my what, dexterity sa--


I walk in. They're not on her feet. I want nothing to do with her feet, guys, I just want those shoes that she's hugging.


Could we tell what kind of creatures they are?


No, it's just loose leaf.


Such captaining.


Oh fuck yes, okay. Come on, baby. 20! (cheering)


I've been here!


Powerful tricks. That's all.


I don't know. I feel like I would be really nice to have around the house. People might have kept me around.


Get these fuckers locked down.


And you're on fire, yeah.


I don't think I can be fixed. There is something broken in the world.


And I turn her bloody face to you and say, let this be a lesson to you, then!


I cast Stoneskin on myself


Should we visit the shop and get some potions?


But think about how good we would get over time.


My favorite part of Wyrmwood Gaming is the magnets. Magnets, bitch! (laughter)


Through the lake?


Oh, sorry. Advantage. Thank you. 11 for the first, ten for the second, and eight for the third.


Do I have to roll this six times or just two?


Reading.


Happy Halloween! (laughter)


First roll with the new CR die!


Are they really? Double unos?


All those things are true, but take this quill. Now, next to her picture, please write 'Keyleth'.


The group's worst decision in D&D was the dragon, I think.


I will definitely write a song for you.


Yep. Can I walk over and grab Craven Edge?


He looks as pissed as you look all the time.


Gilmore! Gilmore. What are you drinking? We're buying. What are you drinking?


Are they humming more?


Well, I don't have my stuff with me.


Ah, so much!


Yeah, but is it ceremonial or is it like shit-kicker?


I'm lying! (laughter)


Jester and Beau, boulder-parchment-shears. Figure out who's going to put their head in and help us see it.


I'm going to die.


15 dex save or they take 2d6 cold damage.


What does that mean, snatched?


We'll have to get through the titan, or we can fly down. Outside of that, I don't know.


Yasha is going to use her movement to run off. She would like to-- Is she raging?


Also, all this stuff melted in my car.


I will first use my bonus action on myself. Can I cast Healing Word on myself?


I'm looking again, so.


The Pocket Fisherman!


So if you move into that sphere, is it utter blackness?


Wow, Yasha. Man.


Who exactly is the patronage of your candle business? Who do you sell to?


Oh no, that's too--


With advantage because I'm in the mountains?


I go over to the water and scoop some and pour it over my head. (all laugh)


Well, I think perhaps we can talk to Keeper Yennen. Perhaps put together some priests to deal with that. Enlist the help of the entire town now that there's no longer a revolution to be fought.


Someone wanted you, and I don't know who. The Clasp was going to get you for them, and I stopped that from happening. I followed you one night, or rather, followed this person following you, and met the Clasp. And I made an exchange for your life.


Oh, can you share?


Well, we saw an old guy turn into a zombie. But it's possible that he just died because he was old, and then he had the zombie curse on him and just turned, you know? Because that happens a lot.


Let's go to Westruun!


No. I should feel comfortable that you're going to soak it all up.


Can everybody fly?


Not tacky.


Okay! But with taxpayer's money. Also something else you taught me.


No, I think he escaped through our keep.


-- charter, dear, charter. You're looking to charter.


I don't think they'll know.


Is it a salmon pie? He likes fish.


It's real sore.


That just sounds like someone who's an asshole.


Oh shit. The first one was better. 14 as well on the second one.


Okay, tie them up as much as we can and then gag their mouths. Toss them in a corner.


Oh my god. (singing) Natural crit.


I'm all right. I'm all right.


Yes, I'm going to move, and I'm going to dash behind somebody in the crowd, some weak-looking individual.


Well, Twiggy?


Can we still breathe on land?


Meters.


Okay. Very gently.


Bryce. We were just about to go inside the barn here and get outfitted for this-- for many things, but especially now that we are going to go take care of this problem. Do you have any sort of pull with these people? Might we get any friendly--


Only when you're ready, dear.


Next time we fight Vecna, he's going to be wearing some very nice boots.


Music people out there.


And I give him a little bit of the dad thumb.


Grog, do you remember killing him five seconds ago?


What the fuck?! We can't roll perception for shit.


It's my turn now.


I'm not that stealthy.


(laughs) Hey, Pike.


Wait, what? We've got to get out of here!


Is this the same day, or has it been a day now?


We're just checking it out! We're coming back! We're coming back.


It's a plan.


So, upon seeing this big thing crash in, and I'm like, oh. Now you're really angry. But I just kind of analyze him and I say okay, and then I go, (grunts), and I turn into a rhinoceros.


I made a friend!


Kiri, come on.


Very much so. Do you want to get back under here?


They built a castle Greyskull?


Not a ton of noise.


Which doors?


Matt Mercer!


I mean I know you guys are like--


Now you're mounted!


Yes! Looney Tunes style!


Okay, 17.


Eldritch B-b-blast!


Is that with your arcana?


Hold on, one second.


We're fighting a dragon in its lair! In the worst place we could possibly fight it!


Could I grab a few of those vines to try and climb up to where he's at?


Oh no, Tiberius fell off.


I was going to suggest the same thing. In fact, I think we should go downstairs. They're going to be coming back. We don't want to cause a stir with them, either. We just want to leave if that's what we're going to do.


I might be able to Banish it.


And you're helping to rebuild.


Tetanus, yeah.


Could I do a religion roll from where I am?


As we walk off, I hold Caleb and walk behind a little bit. What did you hear at the Cobalt Soul?


(quietly) Yes!


Exactly what you want, yes. It has the tricorn. And do you want feathers and stuff?


Oh, my old brother.


The crew's laughing. Something's bad. Something's very bad.


What does that take me down to? 81? Is that right? 115 minus 34, 81?


Fucking chrome dome! Nailed it.


Jeez, yeah seriously.


He just took damage, he's still (slurps).


Next shot, I'm taking a sharpshooter shot. I'm reloading.


It's Reading Rainbow time.


Where you at, big guy?


But we fight well, and we have the best of intentions, and when it counts, we're there. We just need a little bit of help going into the mines. And again, Lord Greyspine himself sent us, so please excuse my--


Like a nintendo cartridge.


Fine. Someone else do the thinking.


Thank god. Not much better. 17.


Oh, well, we can make some more headway on the road and then go at full dark. We could camp at full dark.


I have every faith in you. Thank you. I think I'm done with that.


All the stuff.


No, it's fick das.


No, I'm sorry I just made a weasel and not a fucking cow or something.


Nine, that's a nine.


Did she do that? I thought that was the same character.


We'd have to make that decision now, while I'm learning my spells at the top of the day.


So. Okay, those are regular attack plus lightning arrow attack, right? I all of a sudden forget how it works. Plus 1d6 per arrow. 1d6 for the Hunter's Mark. And then 1d6 on the first one for the sneak attack. Okay. Plus the regular.


Of course. Of course I'll have a human, being elven.


Are you sure about this?


Oh gosh. Oh my goodness. Okay, with my magical paint-- Oh gosh. I was planning on fucking up some other things, but right now I will make a little shrine, like a little statue of the Traveler, that way I can pray to him.


20, 23, 23.


I open the door. Just fucking on guard.


We think there might be something rotten in the mines.


I follow Fjord out.


Oh, yeah! What is your expedition?


(laughs) Crying in a corner.


Yeah, you think that's what friends do to each other?!


Let's wake him up.


Issylra is a continent, right?


Whoosh! Damn it!


But, sir, you should understand how close this destruction came from your doorstep.


We're left with guards?


Is it still going?


Is there an intense discoloration, maybe, of the mold underneath the grate? Is it a different kind of--


We can teach them the dances that we have been learning, and working on!


Hypnotic pattern?


Yeah. I like this marching order.


Can I pull and grab my staff a little bit?


The rumor we're trying to spread is what they already think.


What is the piece of art immortalized upon? A piece of wood?


Who all has an earring?


Liam, we need you to stealth in and get some awesome recon, but that means you'll be at risk.


Help! Make it end!


Okay, so Percy, Vex, Vax on the flying carpet.


I hope you know that I would never--


Can we walk on it? Is it going to burn our little feetsies? Or do we need to fly?


Yeah, that's good, too! That's a 15.


Yeah, that's no problem. Jester will be happy to pay. (laughter)


I'm not trained in religion.


I'm going stealth now.


He's getting it out.


When you're in 50 episodes, this is the first one.


Excellent. That's excellent news. I'm going to use my bonus action to disengage. I've got three things I can do here because of the Boots of Haste, so use bonus action to disengage. I'm going to use one action to run like fuck over to that wall and jump to the side.


Where's the nearest 7-11?


We need to run.


I can wait. I don't mind waiting. I don't have a specific--


Oh, jesus. (laughter)


Oh, 37.


I fell face first into some coin recently. I think I'll take that.


It sounds like there's very expensive things to drink and eat. I'm going to get my pocketbook.


You had no intentions of wanting this bowl, or needing this bowl, or caring about this bowl until Cali came around.


Give her a life of adventure and imminent death.


We'll ask Fjord about it when he wakes up.


Was the same?


Wait! Sorry. Percival, any point in looting?


Boulder, baby.


Okay, okay. Now over his head.


I go-- (laughing)


Yeenoghu or what?


I'll go ahead and drop the Hold Person on Percy.


Is it related at all to the periwinkles you were talking about before?


But you're on the boat.


I'm hauling ass.


In love? Enamored? Jealous?


Why? Why is that?


Maybe I could decorate it to look like candy.


Older, white-haired, with a beard. Just very simple peasant's clothes. Maybe a bit of a farmer or a land worker.


That's true. I have an idea. Bring me a cow. No, I'm kidding.


So many bad ideas start with--


Towards him, yeah.


Can I rush over and hug Yasha for what she's done? I throw my arms around you, draconic claw piercing in a little bit.


She didn't get, like, stolen or something?


Can't even hit a bear.


24 strength.


I counter with a 6th-level Dispel Magic. Can I do that?


If you've vaporized me, I'm going to be real pissed.


Smash cut to a year later where he's going, "See. Kevdak. Run."


You do drink liquids, don't you?


Oh that's true, you're sneaking back to the carnival. I give you a nice little blessing.


(as Gollum) What is it?


Well then fine, I'll try to unlock it.


Yeah, is there anyone in charge, or is it just a saloon with cowboys everywhere?


Scanlan. I think you need to talk to them. Pike didn't get to say a word to you when you left. Grog was...


15, so 25.


(whispering) --that badass, hot captain. And now she's older! She's got the salt and pepper hair! (laughter)


Oh! That's me! Enter Junior, a simpleton, down the stairs.


I pull Simon from around my waist, and I start to fasten it around her. This is yours. You're going to have to take care of him now. His name is Simon. Most people don't think he's alive, but they're wrong. He's very much alive. Take care of him for me. I didn't get nearly enough time with you. I'm sorry. I love you very much. I kiss her on the forehead.


Thought so. (laughter)


If they go to an alley, then I'm not going to go down an alley. I'm going to walk by and maybe look down the alley from across the street, but I'm not-- I'm trying to stay on main roads.


Oh. I can see that about you.


That's the thing about dawn. It takes a while out here, doesn't it?


♫ No one can tell us no


I didn't say not it. Would you like to go, Liam?


She was also helping to save a lot of people. Big misunderstanding.


Did we show him this letter?


Raishan!


Don't forget your boots, Pike.


Hey, Percy gonna do what Percy gonna do.


Okay, I'm going to say Conjure Woodland Beings.


Have I cleared up enough of the sky at this point?


It is, really. Do you want to talk about it, because I could use some advice.


Canvass the building.


You can't talk when you're a bird?


I have a hard time listening when you talk like that.


What's the greater do?


Some people got venomous bites.


Five-minute walk. That's not far.


With Keyleth?


Our water breathing lasts for 24 hours.


Maybe you know it.


I pick up the jade.


Can I try and giving a look-see too because I have darkvision?


Oh, sorry. I was writing down gnoll sets of ears.


(yelps) 20.


Multiples-- not multiples! I need individual companions for my friends, not just your beautiful self.


I'll be finishing up some stuff in the kitchen. I'm going to run by Caleb one more time to have a chat about what he saw. Just mention, we've got two magical spheres on board. The one's like a clock thing--


Got plans for one of them--


Top three.


How you doing there? You okay?


Okay okay okay okay.


I'll keep an eye on the guard-- not on the guard, I'll keep an eye on the worker.


Baby steps.


Oh shit, you're right.


I think that's what keeps us from being terrible. But like-- (sniffs) I only trust like a few people in the world. You, Scanlan, and Pike. And now it's just you and Pike.


I thought he was dead!


No way we'd buy that delivery!


Yeah, please, shoot me in the neck.


The wettest dream.


Blood. Eyes.


Oh no! It's got a mate!


Yeah, we're standing right here.


(gasps) You're so scary.


It was very hot!


No. I see nothing wrong with this plan.


I have no pockets.


Now we're at 20.


You in?


What time is it? Sorry.


You did. Maybe Grog should get it, I mean, he did get the killing blow.


Wait, you said it wasn't fully formed, right? It's still, like, in its goo phase?


Those buffalo creatures that we see roaming around?


Are you working on any kind of shows or anything?


Allura has sent us.


So they're not platform-y.


No, we just say-- Keyleth, really?


I've been looking forward to this.


We probably gave away our location.


You know that little boost you had back there in your fist fight with the blue one? You're welcome.


Funny hair?


That's not a lot. But it is seven points of damage.


She's tall.


I'll see if I get my charges back.


Yeah, towards the second floor.


Is there anybody here of reasonable intelligence who wants to stop this from happening? Just checking.


Yeah, I pull the potion of healing I have out of my belt, and I run over to Nott and I jam it into her mouth and pour it in. The whole time I'm going through my list of spells thinking of what could help. There's nothing, but I'm going: Dancing Lights, Fire Bolt, Friends, Alarm, Burning Hands, Chromatic Orb, Comprehend Languages, Detect Magic. And I heal Nott.


I thought you were going somewhere else, for a second.


Yeah, you knock down the barriers, you get right in. Icebreaker.


I'm finding a bunch of old dumb jokes.


Cheaters? Well, that makes sense. They don't understand normal social rules.


Discount.


It'll be good, it'll be like Karate Kid with the toy when he starts spinning it.


Yeah, but you also dropped a horse apple in front of them as well.


All right, I'm doing it. Step back!


We might be able to go and get back in time, is what I'm saying, and still be able to attack tonight.


Just to get this clear, a rakshasa's not a beast?


Will you hold my hand?


(chanting) Beau!


Yeah, we need a code word.


We're doing the paperwork.


So great.


We would drink a lot, and we would just be in the kitchen sometimes without anything to do, us girls and Taryon, just throwing some shit in a bowl and seeing what we could make.


Hey, you don't have to call it-- that sounds so sad when you say it like that.


I just suck as a healer.


Just knows that it's happening?


(laughs) That's funny.


I hold out my arms for Vax.


Yeah, you were trying to read Dwarvish, or something. And it took an hour.


So we make our way up to the structure.


Last dagger out. That's 26, for eight points of damage.


We talked all night and we squared it away and we're going to hell!


That made me uncomfortable so fast.


I'm going to do a little ping of Eyes of the Grave, just to make sure there's no more of them in this other than the ones we can see.


When is Pike? Is it her turn? No? Okay.


Five minutes, five minutes.


I'm buttling in "Book of Murder" as Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, so that's exciting. It's the weirdest accent I've ever done. It is all over the place.


Yeah I wanted to be like--


Right as I get outside-- I would whistle, but Vex can whistle, and she whistles for Trinket.


How can you be loud as mist?


Use your teleport spell!


They have to answer the question.


That was Nott, the Brave.


Yeah, I see it. Can you get her out?


(piercing spell noise)


Oh! Do I get an inspiration for that?


Am I rolling twice?


So wait, who's all going?


Gushing Tankard.


Well, let's do that. I'll do 50 gold and you do 50 gold.


Everything. We need all of it, don't we?


It's the next one.


Yeah. I was so happy to see him.


It's not as heavy as I expected it to be.


I want to see that.


Because of the things right here.


Oh, his feet are a hundred feet across?!


Yeah, teleportation circle. Remember there were a shitton of traps before we got to it.


What else is there?


You put him in a coma.


I bet he wants his sword back.


I go over to Caduceus and I pull him aside really quick.


And we're still strung up?


We'll ask Keyleth when we get back.


Yeah. Go for Keyleth to begin with. Try to kill her.


Something little.


Pumat Sol, is there one of you and this is fun and games or you are--?


I lean over to my sister and say, I'm not going to do anything, I'm just going to look 50 feet down--


Then it's time to destroy this thing once and for all. I kneel down, and I place the hand down on the ground. I raise my axe above my head and I say a prayer to Tiamat. And I bring the axe down and chop my hand off, put Vecna's hand on, use my healing pool to heal, and teleport out. I'm sorry, it was just business. Until we meet again.


I have a dagger, and I'm going to shove it in his belt so he's not totally alone. He's pantsless, but with a dagger, correct?


Amplified.


What would we give them?


How loud is it down there? Is the lava flow making noise?


A live whisper.


Is there light in where we are? Is there torchlight or anything in the lower space?


Yeah. That's it.


I've got something I've never done before!


Kaylie, could you excuse us a moment?


We'll try not to. I really should sleep if we're going to do that, though.


I'm going to run down to the ziggurat and try to get Eskil Ryndarien away from it and warn everyone to stay away from it.


I don't think it can be.


Diversions are absolutely--


I'm going to put some pistol shot in a small bag. What's Kaylie's mother's name? What is it? I toss it to him. Dick. And I leave. For the record, it's Sybil.


I know, right?


Okay. You there, guard! Go tell everyone that everything's fine. Go into that Stinking Cloud out there and tell all your friends that everything's hunky-dory.


We need to stay with the others; there's--


(singing) Might as well jump. Jump! (laughter)


Thanks, Fjord. When did you hear me sing?


Me? I'm going to peek around the corner; do I see anything or anyone to attack?


Well, that's totally cocked, that was terrible. Athletics?


Harder because there're things there.


Does it have to be at disadvantage?


Do they count as undead?


(quietly) I don't like it.


So we need to find it.


Just his head, floating.


I run over to Lyra, cast Seeming on myself to give myself the appearance of Aldor, and I pour a potion into her mouth, and I wake her up.


It's a knockout.


If you want to get out of here, don't speak loudly.


Keeping an eye out for Caduceus, start to steer the ship along the coastline this way.


What time is it? Should we buy potions now?


Yeah. It will hopefully not come in handy.


If I ever see anyone wearing Molly's coat--


Yeah. And Brian's a really awesome guy so we're excited about it.


So he's got to roll a 20 and then add ten to it. So we've got to roll--


You don't have it.


He doesn't need doors, right? He can make portals and shit?


Movement, I will use to climb up into the second floor window. That's not me. The one next to your right. There you go.


We could watch you do it. That'd be pretty funny.


Okay. I'm going to go up to Grog and do Healing--


Do I recognize what this specter entity is?


Human contact's important, you know? So come on, come on, let's all group hug! Group hug!


What is the thing that you have?


Specifically one that's melting.


Was I? I don't think I was there.


The dwarf stepped up. (snaps) Changed my mind like that.


Then for my movement I'm going to tuck in even tighter.


(whispers) The ring!


No, we should probably attack.


Are you going to bat him down like you're sweeping the sky?


I think we should call it rock. The Rock.


I would also be able to sense something magic through it that's buried up to three feet down.


Just cup his nose, just (breathes).


Unless we can drop her off on the nearest town.


Maybe the Slayer's Take knows more about the lake, about these Vest-- no, these are pretty secret, I think the Vestiges are a pretty well-kept secret, people aren't going to just know where they are.


So 826LA, our charity. Everyone should go check them out; they have amazing storefronts in cities all across the country. The one here is themed after time travel in Echo Park. And also in Marina Del Rey; that's the other city that I'm trying to think of. But yes, a portion of all of our donations go to them, and they're amazing, so thank you so much. And thank you for everyone who has donated in the past. We love you. And I think we are going to be doing a video. I know I've been saying that for a while, but we have a date scheduled now! It is happening. We have a way for everyone to get back in town, but it's going to happen, and we're going to have a field trip.


You're from that part of the world?


Stove cat.


That's it, I'm done.


Everybody stand at their point.


Ah, no. No, and I don't think I could learn.


Oh, it's too late now.


Snakes on a Plane 2  More Snakes, More Plane.


Mallard art.


She also had created a wall barrier.


I thought this campaign was going to last longer than this.


I am so nervous.


Ignore her, she's very difficult.


You roll too, maybe.


The old tutu.


And both of our clerics--


Look, it's got roots and all sorts of beautiful things.


We're all open to an idea to get him out. Have you got one?


But you slice his fingers off when he does it!


I take a few steps back.


Oh no, wait! My Frost Brand sword. I'm resistant to fire damage!


You know, people don't bare balls all the time, but I think it's a reasonable risk at this point in time.


Hey, big man, Trickfoot wants to talk to you.


I like having the people. It feels less like we're the United States.


But where in the ocean, where?


A little pale.


I don't know what it is, but it's magic.


This and the next round are going to be really ugly.


It's like Pig Latin.


Throwback!


Very astute.


A dozen bakers.


I don't think he can understand you. There's a translation barrier going on.


Is there any particular style you'd like them to be drawn in?


And get everyone over here.


It's a nordic "7."


It is a number. 16.


That's not bad. 21.


Can I reply?


But a lot more eloquently than that.


Well, you're outside. You can go.


I feel like we're seeing more of Caleb's social awkwardness, seeing him from the outside, it's so good.


Oh man. These donations tonight, guys.


It's like watching Home Alone next to Macaulay Culkin. It's great. I'm getting so much out of it.


I was trying to be jovial, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have tried that.


How many people do I see down inside?


That's 25 and 23.


This one, definitely.


Yeah, it's located in Whitestone Castle, correct? The teleport sigil?


It's a quick errand. I just need to pop in and pop out, you know how you do.


Well, we do have something we can--


I want to find pearls!


Putting the guns away and walking over to the guards, as well.


Oh, it's in for ten minutes. I'm just me. (laughter)


He doesn't make it?!


That's fine, that's what I'm doing.


Yeah, I thought you were doing it on purpose.


I'm sorry, your best friend?


Or go around it, it doesn't have to go across the water.


It's in my bag!


(gasps) Maybe you can put yourself in a box and walk around.


The other nipple.


I don't see that on here.


Obviously for killing. With all the reading I have done, can I ascertain or have a good guess of what this is used for besides?


I'll summon the sword and hold the eye facing the circle.


Your hands are so rough and masculine.


Didn't leave on the best of terms.


Oh my god, 14.


How long does everything last from that feast, Keyleth?


She's a common servant girl. She wouldn't lie!


I drank a healing draught, and I am getting my lance ready, and I'm staying with fucking Doty.


Okay. How much do I take for a superior?


(whispers) You're doing great!


It's just kids!


Can you persuade the DM?


Like 3k, I think.


No, sh. Gah. Sh.


Shank shank shank! (laughter)


Yes, it's a mild magic pot. But if you'd like to purchase it from us, we can sell it to you for five gold.


I have a birthday present for him tonight. Something I commissioned the lovely Kit Buss to make for you.


I know. I want Taco Bell so bad. We might have cheats tonight.


I'm taking those two purple vials and walking around the corner over this way to set them down and start doing my thing, and I'm going to start pulling out my book.


18, he said.


They look the other way.


That's a question.


It's okay. Scanlan is going to buy all new stuff for our kitchens.


About half a mile away.


I'm more than happy to kill something at this point. I've got some anger and aggression to work out.


Oh, there's a process, okay. I jump back on. Caleb, light it!


Oh, are we talking about that, I'm not going to invade your space if you don't need it, don't worry about it.


Nine points of radiant damage.


Hey, while they're talking about all this, can I stealth away?


Zahra sounds fun.


What did you attack?


Oh, that's right, and now he made-- now we see the fruits of our labor. I see.


No, it's a short rest.


Should we just do this, then?


Go to our quarters, I guess?


I'm going to take three big swigs.


Can I look for shark's teeth? That's fun! Can I do a nature check?


Oh, great. I'm sorry I couldn't help.


We're going to try and take him to Adella or just any boat?


He's casting.


Do I make it to the portal?


Can you tie a sailor knot around this Immovable Rod?


It was Vax, it was not a Vex.


So I'm grappled. There's nothing I can do.


You read porn in school?


Get that fucking god.


I deftly roll my eyes so fucking hard.


Like gator bones, maybe though?


Oh it's on the ground, okay.


So that puts me at negative 13. I use my Relentless Rage.


Doesn't everybody get advantage on attacks against her, too? That would suck with the arrows.


Did any of the shortswords, longswords, battleaxes-- any of those register under Caleb's magic sweep or they're just nicely made?


I will jump back into the hallway because I'm a coward.


But that's not where we saw movement?


Or, I can give you money.


-- so I see the eagle fly off and I'm just gonna follow after her.


I walk over to Dolan's house.


Oh, cats don't like me. They tend to really freak out.


Do I recognize Shale?


I'm going to drop the snake. Snake was a try and fail.


Nice. That was a lot.


Yeah, I know. That is eight for the first.


Oi!


Yeah. And then I'm going to back away from the window.


I'm going to keep looking around, make sure no one's tailing us.


She doesn't work. She is desperately wanting to get in.


Okay, I'm going to-- seeing the direction that everyone's pointing, going to walk up and reach around Vex and I'm going to cast Faerie Fire right-- oh god, wrong direction. Right in the fucking eye. (laughter)


Ah! I'll eat you!


You are a powerful ally.


Well, to be fair, you hadn't spent a lot of time in my room.


Let's hurry.


In large part. The subject was confused as to what a detective is. I'm not writing. I don't have a quill. It's something that me and one of our lost friends talked about a lot. Sorry.


And 19.


Turning them against each other is not a bad idea.


It looks like Mercer's eating the table.


I'm going (sound effects)


I think I am a very reasonable personal assistant to anyone who is trying to make a deal.


I just watched.


I have four gold to my name again.


Okay. I'll Dimension Door into the house where the guy's eyeballs were.


I think we're supposed to talk. My name's Caduceus. Mother sent me.


What did you see? Could you see?


I almost can't smell you.


Like an island?


We'll be spending the night somewhere else.


Go see Excalibur. Not right now, but tomorrow.


With a cloak over his head!


Stay regular.


I will give you all the money you want.


I'm going to cast Eldritch Blast into the pot in the bottom of the cage.


d10? Eight.


Nice, nice.


Is this the verge? Because if this is the verge--


Okay that's not good; that's a one. Okay, that means I got a seven.


This could come in handy.


I get that. I feel that way, but I'm hard to miss. I don't mean that in a, "Woo, I'm hard to miss."


One time. One big time.


I would love a map.


So we've got, one, two, three, four. I'll say yes.


Saving throw. That's 18.


Hey, I didn't ask for science. Jesus. (all laugh)


Running?! (Sam laughs)


And Far Cry 5!


Oh, I'm getting a donut. Hang on. Okay.


Lord of the Wings is not a bad restaurant. It's just average.


You're related-- your mom is a master of sexuality--


I say  Never mind, Deuces got him.


Without question.


All right!


So I had a fucked-up passage on the right behind me. I've got a T ahead of me that goes in two directions, but there's a hole in the middle of the T.


No, that's-- hold on a second. I take out the flying carpet--


I got to add some points here.


Oh! Did it kill him? Did Greater Restoration just kill him?


But I've got my broom. That I just said I was on.


My plan, what I wrote down, was find Kaylie, make sure she's okay. Help Pike repair Vasselheim or literally whatever she wants to do. Give all money to Kaylie except for my platinum bracelets with sapphires worth 2,500 gold that I send anonymously to Sybil to make sure she's taken care of. Long term, I would like to use my Wish/Teleport to check on Kaylie every now and then, at school or wherever she ends up.


I'm using my earring on the walk home. Does it work? I don't know what the range is. Tiberius, can you hear me? Tibs?


They still want money for their services, but they're slightly less assholeish than the most.


Vecna defeated.


What, me too?


And the three tons, so we want him to be a giant when he falls.


There might be more there.


I remember him saying that years ago!


There's just something about him.


What about Fjord? His swim speed is his movement speed.


All right. I'm going to peek out the door to see if anybody's coming for a minute.


Well, I mean, I've made bread, but I don't--


Yeah, well, we're going to forge this letter from Lord Sutan, right? Saying that there's an assassination attempt against the Richter. We go to the Richter's place, we tossle it, then we deliver a letter from Sutan, saying there was an attempt of the Richter's life. So if I was the Richter, and I went to the Lawmaster, I'd just go disappear Lord Sutan. Your Richter will stay in his seat, and you'll be short one Lord, if I'm not mistaken.


Nobody cares, Marisha.


No. we're going to try and be truthful as much as possible, although nobody say the W word.


No, he knows. We're back right now, but that's where we will end up.


Question. Can I Fireball without hitting anybody who's friendly?


I'm done. That's all I can do.


It's a check!


Alcoves.


Chicken-skin bacon.


Oh in that case, Healing Word, level three.


I am placing Frumpkin outside of the bubble.


Oh yes, of course.


But that changes things! Fuck, I stick to the plan. Hand Cone up. I'm going to try and Dominate what's-his-butt. The pit fiend.


And we are owed money in Kraghammer. Grog just whispered to me.


We just had a bunch of chicken.


It's 40, isn't it?


That's seven points of damage. I'm going to try and see what happens if I disengage.


That's a terrible idea.


All right, we'll just have to make a little--


Gilmore. Rakshasa. In the town. Pretending to be you. Trying to kill Vax.


Why do these things follow us everywhere?


But you know what? That'll give her more time to get into the game.


All you can eat, Fjord.


Put her in the Bag of Holding!


I mean, I can make a gallon of it.


So can we take a short rest to heal up and then also a short rest to take a short rest in real life?


Does it ever not hit?


So I see a big flash? And what do I roll?


(laughs) You're a man now.


Beau, are you writing this down?


A room?


16. Oh, plus four? Really? Okay. Oh, yeah. Saw that for some reason there's a plus four there. 20.


Firbolgs?


What did you say, you said we're down one?


We do make such good roommates.


We should celebrate because we've broken in the entire group.


(rock slide noise) Six points of damage?


Woody Woodpecker certainly has more shade.


That was so fun.


Kill him. Kill him.


Maybe we need to do this quickly. This doesn't seem like the most stable sort of tunnel. Hop on the broom, darling.


I take that pistol back from you.


Five, so that's 34.


You know, I never really thought about the fact that when you're with someone when they die, it's kind of your responsibility for forever to tell anyone who doesn't know what happened.


Like a stock?


No, for the fog holy water thing. It's a holy smoke grenade.


Offering to sweeten the pot-- we're defeating a fucking dragon! Let them get back to normal.


Yeah, but you're my best buddy!


What happened, Fjord?


No, actually that hurts an awful lot.


(garbled) Three hours of this.


I can't get back there.


I didn't eat the cub! I saved the cub!


All right. I'm going to start searching the ground for traps.


You know, we could just take care of the whole thing right now, if you want.


Feel free.


Scanlan literally hasn't said that to me in the entire three years I've known him.


The only thing I knew you'd love.


You were brainwashed.


(sing) Yeah, yeah, yeah.


You also still have a Grapple arrow.


Yeah, you want to? And spray it with perfume?


Okay. Wow.


Come on. Nope.


He could just clear this whole place by himself.


Doubled. 12, 17, 23, 24, 26, so 52. Plus-- No, I mean, if I am as skilled a rogue as I am, how could I not just want to knock somebody out, and not unintentionally-- ten. On top of the 52.


Let's get on to Whitestone. Get on getting on.


Yeah, we look like badasses. I think it makes the ship look cooler.


Keeps it safe, makes a lady take a double look.


Yeah. I'm really good at the check.


I knock on the door. Housekeeping! Is anybody locked in here?


Can I look in the blade and go  that was good, wasn't it?


No, she just reanimated him.


(gibberish) (laughter)


A satyr! Draw that shit first. (laughter)


Ooh, that gives me a wonderful idea! And then, I'll cast it at 4th level again, and I'll go (pew-pew!) and cast it on--


We can't see those guys to Sacred Flame them.


It's like when you start the little Halloween sing-y things.


Well, Ogden said he was affected by the curse, that he was killed by it.


I like the mystical, magical--


These are Fireballs, right?


Mansions of Madness.


Okay. So can I double up on that?


We are dumbasses.


(clears throat) Hi. (group laughs)


I got honey for you.


Isn't it simpler for you to walk on yourself like a beautiful woman?


--elaborate writings in the city?


They're easy. Goblins are easy. Orcs are not.


Just give him another title.


Okay, I'd like to take out my blade, and I'm going to put it up to his chest, and I'm going to grab him on the shoulder and I'm going to yank him down the blade. (appreciative groaning)


Nine-- oh, no, minus one. Seven, shit. Should I use my luck point now?


Thank you. Thank you thank you, I don't know, the Cowboys are my team.


(gasps) Ohh! I forgot! Wait! (gasps) Shh!


Yes. Okay. 25.


I will attack, yeah. Just one, right? (whoosh)


Roll a d10!


Taliesin on game one was actually not Percy, he was a dragonborn paladin?


Still have Pass Without a Trace going.


I'm laughing out loud.


I'll try something that will definitely fail. I will try and fail to put him into the Resilient Sphere. Which I'm sure will fail. (laughs)


Hey, you know? (all laugh)


(laughing) Some of the spewing!


Look at that face. You've seen things.


All right. Let's help Horris get out of the city. Stay low. Stay here.


Well, it's a really nice-- it's an inn, you know? And my mom performs there. It's really nice.


Oh, really? I didn't realize it was that big.


"Molly, you in danger, girl."


It's the little things, people!


If I miss, then backup plan is boost-y to you?


I don't know though, I don't think that-- I mean I'm rather tight on coin at the moment so--


Yeah, they did. We're sorry!


Can I do an insight check on him to see if he's sketchy?


For now, fine. That hits.


So much thought. I swear I've gotten nosebleeds. Keep going. That's beside the point.


Pass that over to Percy.


It is like the beginning of the campaign.


Accent is just terrible.


(shushing noises) Jeralt is speaking.


We should move away. I'm going to move back into the testicle area. No, go around. Yeah, there you go. Then into the testicle.


Light it up.


Yeah, pretty fucking sure.


Radiant blast!


Do you have any pictures or--? (laughter)


Well, this could answer our question. If I can't find anybody, then we might be going to Marquet.


Did it do any holy damage?


Flame on. (all laugh)


You give him a hard time. Like trying to get a rat in a bath.


Strategy.


Oh, Nott. (laughter)


Hey, Keg.


Okay. So I get Sneak Attack because Trinket's next to him!


A porn shop?


What's a house, really, but a bunch of bricks.


Kept cold.


He also has a bit of a cold.


Trinket's going to attack the tentacle that's holding him.


Don't thank me. Lovely inn. Good night.


On a scale from one to ten.


On the count of ten, maybe? This image, this picture. If you go over that little ridge line there, you're going to see three figures. One will be she. Go put your maw on her face and grab it.


Oh, son of a fuck, you don't. Motherfucker.


He carried it in his ass.


Yeah, it's fine. Yeah. Seems like a room. People in it.


Going Minxie!


He's a dwarven god?


Well, a straight because it's flanked.


We should leave something inconsequential.


So, The Slayer's Cake-- the members of The Slayer's Cake-- Yes, have a new product they have just released.


Nowhere near K'Varn.


I was strangely hoping that your father's lawyers had a branch here, that would be--


I have some notes on the book. Could it have less words?


Well, the general's right across the chasm.


We all failed in reading it.


Grog? Can you put her in the bag? And I toss him the body.


Maybe it's just a bird.


I could have one of them beat the shit out of the other one.


Oh, there was also the time you slapped Trinket on the ass and I think you were sleeping on the couch that night.


Ooh, okay. I will stab him with my lance.


Is she down?


I welcome you back to what is left of the town, and I offer my thanks, and thanks on behalf of those of us that are left.


You see? I didn't have to believe in Ioun. I've found my religion. (chuckling) I'm Bluish! (laughter)


Have some ale before we go out, Grog.


It's a weird word, the Winga Stage?


Beau is in her element.


I take out my greatsword.


Oh, I know what it is. Okay.


That is a good point.


I'm really enjoying this. I get to see this wonderful countryside.


Ten points.


I have a question. If I have advantage for other reasons-- I have a cloak of elvenkind which gives me advantage-- does the advantage and disadvantage cancel out into one?


(gasping) Molly!


'Sup, fish-fucks! (laughter)


We've lost a few recently.


Does anybody need any healing?


No. Well--


That's true. I was just curious; you're so interesting.


Why is it blushing?


Well, she's prone.


Okay, so that adds 1d6 to my damage with those.


Tell us what the walls say.


Putting glass for the dog--


(posh accent) Would you shut up? (laughter)


Do I do that three times? Oh, wow. 19, and that's 12.


I showed you my stuff.


Can you do something to ice? Melt it? That's silent.


Out.


She's trying to-- Percy, la la la. Percy, come on.


He said when people die here they don't die.


Here's the thing about Shadycreek Run  it is a lawless town. If you guys have got coin, then people will fight for you. There isn't a lot of honor there, but there are people that are willing to fight if they're incentivized. There might be people we can gather, at least get intel, there might be ways of breaking them out, I don't know. There are people there that hate the Iron Shepherds and there are a lot of fucking people there that are scared of them. It is a long shot. I don't think it's unreasonable to say it's a suicide mission, but if you want to do it, if you want to go after them, they don't run the town. There are people that could be swayed. But you're going to need money.


That's true, if we keep going.


13 is not good. Oh, fucking hell.


Desperately.


Oh yeah. That's--


Eight. What'd you roll?


We'll just look.


You're so sexy.


Yorda youree yourdee yourd.


Somebody asked us a fun question. If each of us could have a familiar like Trinket, if we could have our own animal, what would it be?


The first, it's three plus seven is ten. Plus 14, 20, 26, 29, 33, 39. That's the first one. And then the second one does four plus six is ten. Oh! But it's surprise, so the first one is doubled because it's automatically a crit.


To regain 15 hit points.


Okay, that's okay. That's, Scheiße, where did it go? Over here, D&D Beyond. It is ten. Yeah, I rolled very low.


Wait, I have a question, then. If I make a tree, if I draw a tree, would the tree be made of stone or would it be made out of-- would it look like a tree?


And I'll cast Disguise Self on myself, as well, and turn myself into a human with blonde hair and she's going to be very clean-looking.


That's a fitting name. We can take you there.


I'll move within range, crossbow bolt range. You know what?


Don't make me Inflict Wounds on you, Nott.


You left during the family meeting.


I'm confused. But I do not feel good; I might throw up. So I'm going to hold my turn to see what happens.


If you hit him, he gets to make a save?


It's like a remote control car that spins.


What did we just see?


A peeping tomcat.


Well. I don't know how he got there, but we saved you from your father and the dead guy deep underground, so they lost him at some point. What if instead of Grog, you appeared as Grog's dad?


How long is the bridge?


Wait, where was it?


What were you doing down here?


Well, we told you multiple times before. We met with you using your sigil of teleport-- it's fine. I've come here on a matter of business anyway, so that's neither here nor there. I was wondering if I may procure an address, or number as it were, for a sigil to Kraghammer. I believe the Thunderbrands would have some facility near theirs or on their own premises where their sigil could be channeled through the Circle of Teleportation spell.


(exaggerated Southern accent) Careful, they spit needles.


Oh, well, that's fair.


Maybe, we can save some for them.


Oh, that misses. Yeah, sorry.


So we can make it seem like we sacrificed Kevdak to the dragon.


Where should I be?


I got a 25, does that not help?


That works too, you know.


Are you all right, Percy?


Potentially Syngorn, even though it's hidden.


Yeah, show us the goods. What did you do to yourself? Oh!


I got nothing else to do on a bonus action. So yeah, I will try to hide.


Ooh, it’s beautiful!


Just for one day.


I--if you weren't concerned.


He has a heartbeat.


I do still want an Alter Self coin.


Twins are in the lead.


Oh no. Off to a good start. Nine.


No, that's why I brought you in! You're all smart, right? And I always want to ask questions like, what's the first thing it remembers, what was it doing with Lord Briarwood--?


There's a circle.


That doesn't even make 60 feet, though, does it?


At war?


I put up my hood as well.


This is so stupid! Okay, I keep the hammer in one hand but I just try and punch him with the Titanstone Knuckles out of frustration.


Jarett...


We're heading north to--


Minus 2. 16.


I don't!


Oh, sorry. Is-- (clears throat) is the captain in?


Come on, through the door! He projectile vomits!


In Twilight, that's true.


I toss Caduceus a little pouch.


Are we just doing the DX?


Anyway, it was a good day.


You're with me. We're still wandering about like idiots.


Let's roll individual ones.


Oh shit! Wait, I see Grog?


Should we take a short rest?


In our way.


(sighs) You know what? Just bury me again. Just do that. Bury me again.


I'll go look at another one.


It is a big seven.


If you don't mind my asking--


Yeah. It's amazing. I come back with ten shots.


Lawrence.


Moneybags, what the hell?


-- cap, right? On Grog's jug. And it just makes air!


Do you know where the fucking exit is? Because I might not.


I'm practically concave. Is it concave or convex, I forget?


It was very sad. I'll bring him back tomorrow.


I'm not trying to take sides here. Just from a third party looking in. Trying to understand both perspectives, maybe.


You locked him out.


How many did I buy?


I look over my shoulder and go  Oh no!


I double-check the room for-- What would you like me to look for again?


Well, what did we have to hit? I rolled a 16.


I'm gonna use Luck, that's the Luck.


Our keep. Greyskull Keep. Garden. Tree.


Sam and I have done this before.


If you don't, I will know and I will give you a tattoo. If you do take good care of him, though, I will give you a better tattoo.


That Grog ale is amazing.


You've got one more question.


Just wait.


Wait, me or her?


Almost like?


If it's evil?


Weirdly, you are not the first floating chick I've had in my bed. But that is amazing! You're flying!


19 just hits.


Yeah. Can I take some little twigs and pieces of wood and put it in my little component pouch?


For charm and sleep?


It was eight total.


From the Fireball?


Oh, I want to pet a cow so bad right now, you guys.


No, I mean, look at me.


I haven't made a constitution save in a while.


I'm going to be worried-- I'm going to check to make sure I've got all this, just in case, because that sounds awfully familiar. Do you need a drink?


Oh, jeez!


Speaking of just our buddy--


She got a haircut.


That's an unarmed strike? Okay, eight points!


You used Beast Form on that.


I feel like there's traps.


Nott, did you think I was lying?


Let's go towards--


Oh! The dragonslayer longsword, yes, of course, of course. I pull it off my belt and hand it off. Could help. I'm a little terrified that you're getting that close to it, but here it is.


You were sleeping. Are you doing all this naked, since you were woken up so quickly?


That's commitment.


No, but if you have any input on decor or otherwise, we would be interested.


That's okay, I have a little bit of money, do you need some?


I take three steps back away from my sister.


I'm gonna run out. There's-- oh, man. I don't hear anything coming from down below, do I?


Take out the thing and say, Trinket! Cannonball! And shoot him out and try to roll into all those guys there.


Actually, good question!


Miss, miss.


Ah, you know.


Kill Bill-style, right?


Hah, 'I thought you were going to come out with a f-- that, that, yeah, that works, that.'


Yeah, could I ask it one question?


That shit hurts.


I didn't add the damage! Add eight to that. Not one, add eight to that. Sorry.


Yes, Miss Rima!


Well, Allura, how did you lock him in the Fire Plane to begin with?


We're going to head for the middle of all that.


Hey, hey, hey. To Vex'ahlia, the dragon slayer.


Yeah, we're working towards that.


She’s trying, she’s trying, it’s coming up on my phone.


I'll reappear ten feet closer to Jester. Yep. And I'll unleash two Eldritch Blasts.


Okay, I'm going to Guiding Bolt it.


Well, okay, but he won't know now.


Can I harvest any natural armor from the bulette? The kitty?


You're welcome! Any time.


All the traps are marked.


What? [cheering]


I don't feel very well.


It does. Unless he douses himself, he takes another 1d10.


We got to figure out how to get rid of the Disguise Self blockage, that's a big-- What caused that?


Because you and I are skin and bones.


And I've got him on a leash now.


We're digging softly, we're trying not to do that.


As I see her grab the sword, I ask, "Would you care for some ale?" (all laugh)


Keyleth, do you have an opinion?


Those eyes make you look far more sarcastic than you normally do.


Yes, I was just going there now.


Well, and we're going to need some lodging anyway, so perhaps some trade could be worked out.


Pike's probably going to have to be the one to clean that up!


Oh! (giggles)


There's a boy, there's an old woman.


Oh, sacrifice style.


I'm going to give inspiration to Grog because he needs it.


Yeah. Now her spirit lives on, and she is haunting sailors, looking for her long-lost lover!


Next time we don't help. That's what it comes down to.


Right, 'cause lightning-- it just did lightning. Obviously it's immune to lightning. Right. And I'm gonna use my motion to back the fuck off and try to get behind that rock outcropping. Laser pointer. Okay, yeah, sure. Just on the other side of it.


So nine plus-- oh, one more d8. Plus another five, so that was 12 plus five is 17, plus another two, so 19 halved.


I have a sword.


Explain to me about the contract. So, in the contract, if he doesn't hold up his end of the bargain, like, he explodes or something, right? It's a magic contract?


I will flip a coin to Jumbo over there and tell him, listen, if things get hairy you might want to use this.


Beautiful. That was too good.


I walk up and I kiss him on the cheek. and I say: Don't you worry, we've got you.


Sir, may I have your hand, please?


Fjord, something in me says that, for some reason, you should be the one who tells the horses and wagon to go. (laughter)


I really don't want to get stabbed in the middle of the night is what I'm thinking, so it's a little bit still selfish. But really don't want to die by one of these fuckers.


Is that my movement?


It was a once-in-a-lifetime experience.


I'm going to do my Deflect Missile.


(coughing) Bullshit.


Because it is a new comic!


Lucien.


That guy was lying.


You're the brightest tool in the shed today.


It's scared of her.


Do you need to check in at your temple, or should we pretend you're not here so they don't try to make you stay?


Sequin.


At terminal velocity?


Oh right, I forgot, you'll speed bag my nuts later, sorry.


George Takei!


Should we mist that way?


We all did it willingly. He especially.


As soon as you attack, it drops your invisibility, right?


All right. I'm going to move to my right six spaces and I'm going to take another shot at the guy who's right ahead of us, in front of the pit.


I'm going to scoot a little bit forward, just into that little crevice. I'm going to take three more shots, just to see what I can do.


I'm going to try and slow it down with a catch.


I also offered him a tiny ring. He's going to use it.


Yeah, I've got my personal fundsies.


It's not about us.


Once it's up, can you actually write it in smoke coming off the house?


That's it, just the two. I'm not frenzied. Yes. 17.


It's not working, I'm used to silence, and you guys are like two alarms.


Thank you Keyleth, I take it back about your breath.


I'll use that sentinel reaction.


Mass Suggestion lasts for 24 hours.


Yeah. I'm sitting at 14.


I'm going to talk to him in Dwarvish, and I'm going to ask where he's from.


Either way. You, Caleb, someone who is not suspected of a crime, is going to point the police to the severed head of a member of the circus with no evidence showing what that thing was or that it was evil, and that will somehow not implicate other people who were not with us at the time. How is this going to prove their innocence, just showing a head?


20 plus eight... 28.


I will give you a silver piece.


Can we just skip to the part where you get so frustrated that I haven't got it and you just tell me the answer anyway?


Okay, I just kind of lay my hands on his forehead.


Oh! That's true.


Well, it's not short on water, that's for sure.


Bap-bap-bap. The books are right here. I have these, but these are heirlooms, family heirlooms, so I don't share those, but-- no, I like to read. That's all. And I'm a bit of a self-starter, so I have to find-- I mean, good luck at the Academy. That's rough, I hear.


What the fuck is that about?!


This is not anything I can try and give them disadvantage on?


Is there any way to circumvent them? Or are they in opposite sides?


Did my spell trigger yet?


At the horse's legs.


I give a slap on his cheek. Remember everything I said, all right?


The mines of "hear this."


Sharpshoot right now. I'm going to try and take out a wheel.


Mine too! Is yours just you? 'Cause mine is just me and Pike!


It just hasn't been useful yet.


10. 26.


300!


Moving?


We believe you.


(singing) A do ron-ron-ron, a do ron-ron.


