Fun! Exciting! On a boat, even. Wow.


I was seeing if anybody left anything good under here.


Molly and I will go.


Who she likes better, but that's open.


It's okay. It's done.


Your husband just bought this for me! Thanks, Laura!


Turn into a dragon. (all laugh)


Well, he's hurt.


For a third, slightly less exciting attack. Natural 20!


I have to see if these are actually usable or not.


Help me, Pike! Yeah, I would like to decipher what these symbols mean.


Regular-ass water.


Oh, they're up and looking for us.


But we should go home.


The fancy clothes in the bag.


Do we fold this into one of the ingots? One at a time?


I think we should do ten or 15 feet to the ground of chain and ten or 15 feet to the dragon, so that it's, thunk, and he's caught on the ground.


Yet more evidence why we should see the return of Max "Better Sam" James.


Gills, sorry. And I shove her back in the water. (laughter)


Did you catch a whiff of Galdrick out in woods?


We need to get up in a tree. I don't know what's in this area. I saw some tracks that didn't look friendly.


Seal. Damn it, that's true. What did you say?


They don't want that.


I'll take the acrobatics.


I think it's women and children first that are supposed to go, actually.


Whiff!


This one's aroused, who knows what's going to happen. (laughter)


Four, right?


But they'll come back again?


Do the daggers seem special?


I was going to say, me and Jester hold hands and we skip off.


I will release my Counterspell.


Worked out.


It was one roll!


Atreyu.


I thought they were leaving.


I think Frumpkin really likes me. We had a bonding moment. Frumpkin took care of me and protected me.


Can I take my action?


If we had had a Feast, we'd have advantage on this.


Oh shit, we got smoke!


Yeah, Hasty.


I tell people it's not about math, it's not about paper and pencil. When you were a kid and you went outside and played all day and you were just a kid? That's what this is. It's just remembering how to do that again with friends.


Scanlan is 18.


And you said this is like the biggest city we've ever seen?


Well that was really your mistake, then.


Oh my god! How are we-- C'mon, really?!


Your back was turned for so much of the time.


I'm seeing that "expect a crochet Trinket." I appreciate that. Thank you.


Which we can do.


You haven't been to Xhorhas.


Do it! Go, Beau!


No. You've been naughty. No.


Yeah, okay, I reach out and use Catapult, and a drawer pulls out of the desk and slams into the back of his head.


I just want to remind everyone, I am really small. I fit between muscles, bones, ligaments, anything.


Just say Vex.


For now. Working my way up.


Has the glass totally faded?


(singing) Follow your heart, don't blow up your head to solve those fucking locks. Do it, man.


The Briarwoods recognized you instantly.


You know what, that's true.


You were nothing in life, and now you're nothing in death!


He has pants? (laughter)


We should find out where she lives and how she treats people, see if the stories are true.


Valentine's Day Weekend.


Sorry that we thought that you did it. Briefly.


I hiss back at Percy  is this the way to your temple?


Good old RCD.


Where's the front door to the house?


Let it roll.


Survey the territory.


How many do you have left? After they left.


Wait, hang on. How about this, you guys... I believe, as an elemental, I'm immune to charm effects.


Lava pools, Lava pools.


Oh no, I'm not-- I feel the urge to further discuss this. Also, to be fair, we're not representatives of the Clasp; we couldn't, technically speaking, open-- All we can do is-- I think, the most fair thing to do-- to offer in exchange for this is perhaps some trade with the materials that are available in Whitestone and maybe a promise of keeping a blind eye towards their business until the finished reconstruction of the city. Let them reestablish themselves until the city is properly completed.


It's going to be 49.


Are there trees around us?


The best DM in the world! This is a wonderful party, and you're all fantastic. Thank you so much. I'm not even upset that you stole my broom.


She had a lot of good stuff on her.


I mean, that's all I can do. You know what, I'll use my bonus action to heal myself a bit.


No. Nine.


When you dig the trench, can I use my perception and my ranger ability to camouflage things and make sure that from above the ground, from the height that the dragon will be looking at it, that it's not seeable at all? I don't want this trap to be seen-- I guess I should wait until we find out if Percy finishes his trap and gets it in place to do all of this.


Who does?


We're sitting in your mom's sitting room right now.


Intelligence of six.


That's a great way to roll.


I'm going to walk over to the door and start beating it with a sword.


Younger.


And I bring out the stupid pointy hat that he gave me.


Send up a flare.


Kima's dead.


Are you helping run some underground clubs?


You have advantage on all your stealth checks.


Merchants, people who had things the cult wanted and they wanted to take, and they said it was rightfully theirs. But I've learned that it's not anymore. And yeah, I helped them do that. That's why I want to stop these bowls. I want to stop them doing this to other people.


Am I going soon?


I cannot see anything, so I cast Dancing Lights. I put one above my head and as soon as I get a little bit of light, I send one over Beau's head and then I send one about 20 feet beyond Beau and then the fourth one, even beyond that one so there's a line of four lights because I don't know what the chamber is shaped like.


How many are up still?


It's not him, it's a pigeon.


That sounds like the wine talking.


It's a gift to the world, really.


No, we are on a bit of a time crunch.


Probably a cursed item.


Do you fire it? Do you sit in it? I don't know. There's only one way to find out.


You clearly have some very intense dreams, Scanlan.


Enigmatic?


And I boot it into the acid.


Okay. Okay. I understand.


Definitely heard that. Awkward and weird and makes no sense but I will-- oh, this is my room! You have to go to your room!


Great. I'll go for both of them.


We have time. This is not a one-day plan.


I already did it earlier when you weren't here. 14, that's 27.


You never show people their stolen mail.


We're going to find out how far.


It's okay, darling. It's okay. Keyleth.


Why don't we think on it?


That'll really get him.


From Emon to where?


Not fortified at all?


Hmm!


I don't know, it's like a mishmash of dough, the side--


I'm going to cast --


But then once we're there, what do we do?


Ally?


Wait, all of us?


Can't we go 150 feet in the air, and--


Vax, bring us home.


We didn't want to bring any extra muscle with us, do we, from these peeps? Oh wait, we're misting a long ways away. Never mind. Sorry. Forget it.


Yeah, we’d better get that.


Maybe he killed goblins. Maybe he was a goblin hunter. Maybe he ate them. Raw.


Link from the Legend of Zelda. I don't know.


Who are you? Who are you?


Yasha, will you hold this for me? I put Frumpkin on her shoulder and start transcribing.


Not quite big enough. (laughter)


He threw me to the ground the first second he laid his eye on me. He murdered my sister. I thought we had come to an arrangement.


I don't hear it, but maybe if you handed it to me, I could.


This is not the tree we're looking for.


We're staying here!


With us in it?


It's cool. I've got it.


To be fair, I think I still have your Enhance Ability up--


I brush against Grog. And I cast Stoneskin on him.


I get up and I grab it in my mouth.


Yes, you could say so.


That was your good jaw.


Not that it matters if it doesn't.


Vex'ahlia--


No! Absolutely--


Look at your little mini. Your mini's so pretty.


Wonderful. (mumbles) That's... 31 damage.


On the edges, right?


I think it was about eight months ago, yeah, from what I can remember. All of this is still very new, you know? I like this stuff, grass and things, you know?


Sheet, did you say Sheet?


You sure? What about people like him? People like him make you uncomfortable?


I don't know anything about the outside world. Where's far?


You were just going all Inception on us.


Six hit points.


I'll cast Detect Magic in the meantime.


Well, what did you see?


He did talk for quite a while.


One on the house. And I pull two cards.


I guess, if it just took its turn, then there will be Yasha--


I'm taking his swords, and I'm going to use his sword to get that deep gouge into the gun.


He's resistant to bludgeoning!


It's going to be one at the break? It's going to be a giveaway at the break?


And are they all strangers, other than the people we brought back with us?


This is a dark mirror, man. A dark, dark mirror.


Oh no. Wait. Come back.


I thought we were going to get it re-enchanted.


Tiberius isn't old.


There's not a lot I remember about being in the ocean.


Hey Matt, I realized. I never shot out the wings, so I shouldn't have had as much movement as I did, so I think we should take the damage back from my last attack.


Wait, I can do this.


Do we have a signal as to when we go? You're going to do the Slow spell, and then we fuck shit up.


You mentioned the smaller cl--cramped space in the cell. Just curious.


You do not make the wisest decisions here your Majesty, I must say.


How are you lifting that?


Well, there's two targets.


Okay, good to know! Making that note. So I'm going to drop three more points of Cabal into that, so that's 20 points of piercing damage, four points of psychic damage, 13 points of lightning damage, and three points of necrotic damage.


Real estate.


So we're awake.


Hold on. We're not done.


It was the green robe guy.


No, she slipped down into the ground. She's probably near you somewhere?


Jesus, I don't know. I don't do this very often.


Percy, go. Get their attention. Percy!


Don't talk at them.


Oh yeah. Whichever way gets me closer to her quickly.


Do you wanna hop on this, since you have no flight?


Here's your money.


Why don't we skip next week and come back in two weeks to finish?


I have advantage on "smealth," that's great.


At no point does it look like the bodies ever moved?


Vax is watching, frozen.


I can shoot at something.


Bulldog!


Base?


I've seen Percy?


That's-- both ones. That sucks. One plus six--


Wait, six plus what?


We start in Vasselheim.


Every time we hit him.


Write the history books.


Yeah, that's not going to happen.


We can hope.


Ooh! Nine.


Okay, then let's scry one more time and see if we beat them.


I'm going to start drinking.


Yeah, that sounds good. Yeah, totally! Cool, cool, cool, cool.


Fire slap!


Oh, try it. Do it!


I'm sorry, but Tiberius runs up and squeezes Pike, one more time.


Well, you keep your head above water.


It's not radius! You can pick whoever you want. So if there were like six guys, I can say, "Those two guys," and not get the rest.


With Pike with us, we can do anything.


I think we each need to be outfitted with something. We need our legendary weapons, you guys.


Plausi-mon-a-mon-a-minity?


My sister and I should lead the way. You stick to Grog, will you, grandma?


With Pass Without a Trace? 43.


You're going to go past the worm, though!


Okay, I'm going to take--


But because I go first I get advantage on all attacks.


In the same way there's another large grate at the end of the passage?


I didn’t know Shaun was his first name either.


Stupid.


Sure, tortle.


Oh, but are we going to get some water jugs and shit like that before we leave?


No, we do have some stuff in it.


Just a straight dex check?


He can play the fiddle very well.


(snores)


Okay. Where is it? Jesus.


I'm not okay with this.


Okay, I stand up, very irritated, and I grab Percy, and I pull him to me, and I cast Heal on him, my 6th-level spell. I'm fucking burning it for you. So full 70 points because he's almost down.


Seeker Awesome?


No, 16, that's the hide.


Does it maybe make me quiet as well?


What? Amazing!


(whispering) I'll whisper it to you, then you say it out loud.


Little bit, yeah.


A lot of white.


(muttering numbers) 36 total.


Or, do they have plans to attack through the orbs? Or how many orbs are there on this plane?


Like Harry Potter! Engorgio! No?


Like a battleship.


You speak Giant, Grog?


He was also connected by a sword to a chain.


There was nothing there, Vax.


We have the trapdoor open though, right?


How long does it usually take the woman in the back to tie her boot?


Do we have to use the orb?


I assume you're telling us all this, yeah?


I would like to go down to the training area where I normally sleep. Pike! Would you come with me?


On it. I give her a big hug.


If you read it out loud then we'll shut up.


No, I don't think so.


I'll pick her up and start running towards the door at the back of the room.


I shouldn't have said anything. (laughter)


I was going to say I'd leave that up to you.


Especially a black dragon's lair.


Kentucky.


Do we remember what its weaknesses were?


We've been reading it out loud. Pretending to be those characters.


So 72.


I'll jump and hold her.


I don't think he's going to answer.


We're going to hang back. Is there a nook or an alley within view of this?


He's not even here. This is a dream.


It was a suicide.


Use that moonhammer.


Wait, but I'm helping him.


I would like to announce that I have an egg on my pizza.


Last time I tried to do somebody to something, I did it to myself, so.


Seeker Asum, we have managed to capture and keep one of the coachmen. Down in our cell. Would he be safer in our hands, or within the castle walls?


Do you want a bite attack or a claw attack?


Be a zero or a one.


His home was with us.


I'll choose the right one and I'll stick my Ioun stone in it.


(laughs) Oi!


Vengeance! Vengeance.


Put the stank down! Loot Crate!


Keyleth can meld through rock. So, if we can get the attention of everyone who's guarding Grog, she could slip through while we're drawing them out, and get through and let him go in the midst of the fight.


Shield. It doesn't hit.


Okay. What is that? 12, 13, 14! Plus a d6, because I'm badass! Plus six! That's 19. That's not even close to 40, but it does something.


What about Grog?


I had my boots on, so I was up by his face.


Hey Nott, will you do me a favor and make sure nothing sneaks up behind us?


Tary, you didn't just give each other massages all night, did you?


Wow, that was what that camera was purchased for.


TMI, my friend. TMI--


Take that tuna away.


I don't know. Maybe it was Nott pulling a prank on me.


I'm sorry, Grog.


Is that part of-- are you supposed to?


Yeah! Just a little bit.


Five?


(gasps) It's a lie! Shank!


Oh no! Oh no!


I'm going to hold my turn until it seems like he's better incapacitated or until something happens. I'm going to hold my turn.


It is. Except he does it all the time.


Break your gem!


I'll take second watch as well. (laughter)


Is a base attack a straight line from him to Vax to--


I'm going to say I'm there, straight up.


No souls in the bag of colding, but we do have--


I have a spell called Legend Lore. Can I cast that on white dragon?


Part it. An air tunnel for us.


We do have an extra room.


I have made such a terrible mistake. (laughter)


So now we can weaken this tree, maybe, with some chops and then--


Kathel T. Stockdale.


I caught a bit of that, right?


Yeah, the bones pulled down, right? So it's not just this thing.


But wouldn't the contract just go right back into cycle?


I turn to Grog. They're all dying.


Okay, so I'll say, (sings) Huh! That's the sound of the gnome, fucking with your spell! Yeah. And I'll cast it at level four.


Okay! Oh, like skeet shooting!


You guys crash; I'll take first watch.


I mean, you did save a fucking continent, you are scary.


Is that the same day? I thought we slept.


The wall of a theater?


I'm going to stay 30 feet in front of the group and continue to check for traps.


Why don't I go a little bit ahead, you follow behind by about 50 paces and the rest of the group behind you?


It's the Keebler elves. Kill them all!


Rogue!


Dildos.


Should I stabilize her?


Can I make one other suggestion? Emon... go take Thordak right now.


Fly with purpose, fly with purpose.


Oh, I'm sorry. So me.


(singing) 26


Yay, golf rules!


Do you vaguely remember the direction it was in? So maybe we go vague for a minute?


Relieved.


Yeah, he could be reinforcements.


The central stables, we have to ask where they are. We don't have to go back to the other pub. Don't worry, Fjord.


Here's one. Ooh, there's four, so five, six. Seven. I just like rolling all of them I could roll. Okay. That's all right. There's ten, there's 20, there's 35. Sorry. Yes, 36 damage.


No, I'm all right, coffee helps. Coffee helps.


I'm going to look into his eyes. Are his eyes dilated?


A fight at sea!


So 25 plus 18 which is what--


It is. But the sooner these dragons are defeated, the sooner business can get back to usual.


Oh my gosh! Do you live around here?


Four. Ancient. Dragons.


You want to take down Trent. Is that why you're doing all this? You want to take down Trent?


Should I start it up now?


That's going in her Sarenrae. You watch it, motherfucker.


I can get us anywhere very quickly.


No, it was Keyleth's Ashari thing.


Can I track them?


I think Beau makes a very good point. Without Toya's testimony we're in trouble.


Buried in the ground?


All the maps!


Right? It's the shit.


I lean over to Beau and I say  I don't know if you're aware of it, but when you compliment people it sounds like a fucking insult. Is that intentional?


Cool, bro, let's kill them.


Or just randomly picking shit up and not have an excuse for it. That was good, too.


They're raging? They're raging.


I'd like to see the other guy.


With the radiant, fiery damage.


Are you--


How about holy water?


He's at 12.


Oh yeah, I have the "Tusk Love" too.


I'm hurt. Our friendship has taken damage from this exchange.


Ladies first.


One of his tentacles!


That passes, yeah.


Vecna was wearing a big dress, so we probably could have seen his balls.


This is fun! Hand me a rope, I'll water ski!


Do you have a sippy cup lid, though?


Front door.


No, I just came up with the chicken this morning when I woke up.


Is that actually a real movie?


To the other side of the room. Is anyone alive or dead in that cage?


Well, Larry. You know that these chalices are probably going to be used to save the world.


Why don't you node?


Like a floodlight, or while it's on spotlight, it's got a little railroad thing, it's got a little slot that will go in and give me a little bit of a red vibe, so we can have a low-light red light, and I'm also going to make a little clip so I can stick it on my gun, so I can have a little spotlight on my gun when we're going through a--


That doesn't sit well with me.


Now?!


I'm going to Guiding Bolt down the hallway. Towards the rest of the skeletons.


You're very clever about that.


Can I grab my Mariner's studded leather armor out of my room and bring it with?


That is six points of healing.


Yes, but quiet is the key word.


I help.


You should put some chocolate in that. It's better.


Oh no. But you can still attack one more time, right?


Well, we all died, so.


Every Tuesday.


Is there a way that the bastions could organize some kind of gathering of sorts? Perhaps a mandatory town meeting, where all would have to gather for maybe an announcement or something official?


Yeah, that's it. That's all I've got. I can't see the danger I'm in.


Aaaah!


In a little bit? Okay.


I'm roleplaying!


Everybody is dead down here.


I am going to send Frumpkin up the tree.


Plus advantage, oh thank christ.


For all you fans in Germany, that's a little San Fernando valley humor!


There is a vision of me before me and also behind me, flickering in and out of view.


Am I allowed to roll a perception?


That was the greatest plan we've ever had. We flanked. The battle was just over!


Yay Molly!


One more thing before we go to sleep. Not to draw this out any longer. I'm going to, right before bed, attempt to turn into, using my True Polymorph, one of those fun, winged, tall creatures we met at Pelor's place.


Against the new entity.


No matter what, we're going to think less of you, it doesn't matter anymore.


Just me, or the group of us?


I follow Grog.


She does. Unleashing things that are too terrible to talk about, but you can use your imagination.


Yeah, can we hunker down here while--


Cat kicker.


I give it a nice long throw.


The fucking kids had, like, six coins on them. Happens all the time.


Yeah, I'll do this, right back here.


I was following a scouting party out to the mountain. But these old bones don't take me as far as fast as they used to.


I still can't breathe.


Last pot!


Not at the moment.


The wind lass.


I'm rolling a big dice for Trinket! Oh, that's good. 26!


You have our word.


I would like to request another rowboat for Doty.


(laughs) He loves looking up animals.


I was rummaging in my pockets for the molasses, but everybody is dropping, so instead I pull out a burned twig and hold my hand out and cast Witch Bolt at 3rd-level through the twig towards snakeman.


We also wanted to check in to... Did we want to try and be at the docks at midnight?


I don't want to be a guard killer. All right, fine.


It's time to have a good night.


Yeah, it's real good. ATVs, baby! Sorry.


You should mark off one of your Lucks because you already used it for the day.


Do we have that?


She's not a felon on the run. I've known her since I was a child.


I will use any movement to emerge from my hidden position and move up a bit, to behind those barrels, maybe, so I have a little cover.


You! You were using my dice?


Just headbutt a tree or something.


Man, I didn't realize 'til now how many people we actually know whose name rhymes with that.


A slop dolly?!


I'm going to take a look at what's in the bowl.


I'm also not raging.


Swamp Khary Payton with CR love. Swamp him.


It's like that urge when you're standing at the edge of a cliff, like part of your body wants to jump a little bit?


What services are available?


They can vote for you?


Well, there you go.


That horrifies me.


I'm sorry kids. It's really a shame.


I take her finger and I push our fingers together on it.


I will stealthily back away so there's no way he can see me. To the side, and I will--


Yeah. I give him a glass vial.


Can you see in fog?


I turn to Uvenda.


Is there anything written on the wall?


I'll go so far as to say I feel that the fates have intertwined us for a while. I need to head east at some point.


If most of their books have been taken from them, perhaps we could use some of the treasury to build a library.


I'm with Avantika's crew. You can ask her if you want, but I don't think you really want to. Pretty sure she's above your pay grade, am I right?


We're going on a cruise, you guys!


That's the hardest lock I've ever picked, I swear!


What was the pearl again?


Sorry. I'm nervous, guys!


Maybe she's just finishing what he started. And wasn't she doing a bunch of research for runes and tomes? Do we have the research that the Briarwoods-- Didn't we seize a bunch of their research?


Okay. How does the Hide thing work? Do I hide at the beginning of the turn or at the end of the turn?


I was going to say, do you know who says, "if you love it, you have to let it go?" The one who got dumped, that's who! Sorry.


Yeah, sure, go on.


Should we say that we have Kit here?


I propose a counter-offer. I just don't feel comfortable offering Vasselheim; I don't think that we could necessarily deliver, and we, honestly, have a lot to do.


Hello!


Therefore, weak and liable to be taken as slaves.


Yeah. Sit on the ground. Your hair's a mess. I undo the braid and I just -- starting over.


Sleeves are so big. Shit. I think that was an eight?


Stop it!


That's the trouble, he does always have your back, until he doesn't.


I'm going to run back and see what was back over there.


It's Pike. It's worth it.


That's science. Listen to Percy. That's science, you need that and you need a traditional Whitestone breakfast.


You're 60.


Well, I rolled a 15. And I don't know what I add to it.


It's early, I might as well.


Performance check. Ooh, it's really good. 18, minus three, so that's 15.


He's really far away from us now.


It's stylistic. That's fine.


I wish I had some bacon right now.


If you want a thousand years of D&D, we've got to pay the overheads, so please, subscribe!


My boots of haste are on, so I run-- I just dart right around Grog, around that column, up to the queen, while pulling out my keen dagger, I speak my mother's name, kiss the blade and shove it in, right into her collarbone.


Put your face in it.


What is this considered, Underdark, or a dungeon?


Okay. Who wants to go to the circus?


Okay, Wilhand took me out of there when I was six, so it's been a while.


Okay. I'm pulling out my thin bit of wire and I'm getting ready to cast Message.


(gags) Yeah, I don't feel well. I've got to go. I go back up to my room.


We can take them.


I may have to have an animal form.


Definitely some foam darts that I'm shooting now. That's all I'm saying. I'm saying there is a lot of pump action and then a foam dart comes out.


Oh good, you're alive!


- and then on the sides it's just little quotes and things.


No, because that would be very complicated to deal with while still being part of the political infrastructure of the city here.


So many things need to happen. No matter what we're pretty fucked right now. This is terrible.


In New York you can-- No, sorry. (all laugh)


That is not sanitary.


Tarvis!


Let's get the shit out of here.


I'm going to go over-- are there any remains of the little boy?


So Grog, you fell asleep in your plate of food and woke up with a beard.


I stringently urge you.


Anything touching it disintegrates.


It may make the undead move towards it.


Because I didn't know there was going to be this many. Brandon Clark, who was our location manager. Pamela Joy, who shot all the photos for that, and Loretta Ritchert.


I'm making a dance floor.


We really need to leave badly.


I'm a siege monster!


Vax is down. So hurry.


Do we want to do it before Pumat, or after Pumat?


That bullet came from the center of the Pacific Ocean!


I feel guilty for having needs!


I go up to her, still in my Minxy form, and I rub on her legs.


My mom's a pirate!


Starscream himself is here.


Yeah. I send Frumpkin tree to tree in that direction. Maybe, 20 feet and wait a moment and then another 20 feet.


Well, there's little islands of structure left, we could just--


What'd you cast?


I don't know. Do you?


Dying in slow motion over here.


Should we try to jimmy this lock and get out?


Oh, jeez. I'll go get Nott.


Oh, I can use an action to focus my awareness on a region around me and then I can sense whether-- oh, well, no. It's only certain types of creatures.


Do I have a line of sight with him, or is the edge of that outcropping blocking it?


18?


I don't know if you know, but syphilis is fucking contagious.


You want swamp things? This is how you get swamp things.


Where did you get it from?


24 points.


Midday at the quay.


Yeah, but do the things from the Water Ashari, would those help with poison as well?


No, I do!


I know! The thing is, what are we going to do? We don't know when she's going to cash in on this!


Did they make saves?


So he resists it completely.


Yes? That is my full name, yes. (laughter)


Eight. Eight points of damage. I'm going to try to shake off the fear.


Team Half-Elf, yeah.


That's what you said!


I think it is, yeah. It's more that I know that it's part of a set that I know this cult were looking for and I want to stop them getting it.


Well I mean I-- yeah.


Fjord never came back after watch last night.


Do you like kibble or meat, or something?


Yeah. I got a 15.


Much quicker.


That seems a little specific. I'm mostly interested in trying to take care of the natural order of the world and nature itself.


Shortsword.


That's like Keyleth-falling-in-lava bad.


Well, I saw Percy cut his way out of the tentacle, so I will try to do the same.


No amulet. Running out in the front, what do I -


Not that you even need it, but I try and release Vax as well.


Fjord, if we venture into this sticky wicket, do you share even in a small way similar desires as this woman? Do you want to control the sea?


With that, life delivers a pleasant surprise.


Mr. Jamedi? What are we going to find when we get there? Are there any baddies?


I have two of them. I've been saving one, but I'm going to use one on him.


For a joke.


Roll again in case you crit.


It's a Winston shirt!


Yeah, I did not stop watching her after he left.


That salt and pepper hair?


I have a few. I have a library.


I want to throw something in here as well. And I don't know what to do in this situation, I'm looking to you all for guidance. But I do know two things. One is that I don't want you to fall, Grog. We need you. And I do not want you to fall to Kevdak. And second: if you do fall, I'm not willing to walk away without those Knuckles, not for me to use, but for us to use. We need those Knuckles. So if you are to fall at his hand, which I do not want, I don't know that I can honorably walk away.


Okay. Well, what I was going to cast before he ran away was Bigby’s Hand and try to grapple him.


Oh crap. I turn around and notch my arrow for them.


We're reading papers from Raishan's.


Well I don't remember it, but Caleb does because he has photographic memory. So Matt has to tell me-- (laughter)


That's why I ran out of money. Thank you for sending that package, by the way.


The open palm?


Does it go away?


Snow camouflage.


I'll take that 19, 21?


Or I may be able to arrange free passage on a vessel.


On a creature within 30 feet.


What's with you and gnomes today, man?


Well, we'll find out tomorrow, I suppose.


Well the nice ones I keep. I have a little--


I'll try again.


We did not know that.


Yes, you did. You rushed the process.


I guess the help was worth the fucking, but only a little bit.


There's more like tunnels, that go further--


I can't see them anymore?


I think the phone's broken, so maybe me and Beau should go deliver the order downstairs.


I will aid her in that search.


Hey! Don't be rude to him!


Common, Elven, and Abyssal.


I think I know, too, but I want to hear him say it. It'd make me feel better.


I definitely say we pick up that ring with the AC and I wouldn’t mind having that leather --


This is going very well!


Yeah, mini-fridge.


On the top shelf, behind you there. What do you call those? These pastries? I slide the smut under a tray of bread.


Being disappointed.


I won't take that.


If you notice an interest in that one, please let me know. Maybe I could figure out what she's interested in and show her around, maybe.


Bulldog. Shih tzu.


I'm sweating!


Yeah. (counting) Nine points of acid damage.


Well, you know, your music does calm and soothe me--


Will that work on him?


I know it's been a long time, but her name is Yasha.


And I use my full movement to get where I am right now?


There's so much in there.


She's a caster of some sort?


Critical Role  It all seems so stupid.


Let's haul this all back onto the cart and get on our way and see where we get.


Oh yeah, way higher than that. We're good.


I go and get my axe, because I'm still raging!


It's like, "Fine. We're doing a pub crawl."


Hey, Percy...


I haven't eaten in three days.


Crookedstone, here we come!


It's cool guys. It's fun.


Do I recognize him?


That was slightly less awkward than a real Segway.


(giggles) Don't make me laugh. This is dark shit.


At the same time I reach out and I go (arrow SFX).


I can begin to revert? So it's a minute-long process that I have to consciously decide, and I know this?


So in a fit of fight or flight--


I just thought of it, so does that mean it's called for? Is that what you do here?


Oh, I find Uvenda.


Let's put blue in there.


21 if I'm using my cone, which was up for my last one. I did not Cutting Words on this one, so he's got advantage.


Oh hi, bud.


I'll look at it for a whole ten seconds.


Matt, can I turn around and see Keyleth and Vax making out in the tree behind me?


Did our internet go? (screaming and groaning)


Okay. Feels like childhood. Do you want up here?


Like a Beethoven bust, but Estelle Getty!


Caleb stands still for a second and looks around. Do I hear anything?


Is this how they talk themselves up?


Keyleth is Marisha Ray.


Ugh, double 20s on the table.


Okay. So I'm going to come up in front of the window.


Okay, I've also got an idea. I mean, what about that whole plan to break apart the apparatus that was holding the Elder Brain together?


There you go! Mary Poppins handbag.


How did you not think this through? This was inevitably where this was going.


I don't know, we bought one (laughs).


Yeah, you are. I'm a terrible person.


You're creating a distraction? Why doesn't Scanlan create the distraction?


Which I also read.


Oh well, poop. I... I encourage violence. (all laugh)


Power walking?


(tearfully) New guy and the new guy dynamic! And I don't know what the new guy's chemistry's like!


The door is open. All right, so I'm going to press against the wall, up to the edge, wait for five seconds, see if I can hear anything, and then if not, curve around and peek in.


You're not going to come with us?


(sarcastic laugh) Sprigg, anything valuable in here that you want to save before we get you out of here?


There we are.


I'm going to look it up.


The fire guy, yeah.


(whispers) I'm just talking to myself.


It was only 12 points of damage.


Right. So she must have camped here, put this symbol up for protection.


I’m with.


Why aren't you allowed to be at the house anymore?


Yeah, south. "Fountain feeds the garden."


No, it's fine. It'll be great. He'll be fine, he can see in the dark.


Got it. I will turn the blankets into--


I am flying down with the broom. Does anybody else need to ride? Do you need to bamf your wings out, or do you want to get on the broom?


Ladies and gentlemen, this is a huge moment.


Cher was great in that.


Can I reach my hand out and try and control the ships?


I mean, what he was working in was-- he was doing a little like-- he-- he's a smart guy. He's a smart guy.


Tampa, Florida.


It all would have gone to hell if--


It says 15 feet straight up, or 20 feet horizontally.


I didn't know this was a farming industry.


Canary in a gnoll mine.


Do you have Shapechange?


I need you to promise not to do anything untoward with it. Whatever you're going to do and what you need it for, obviously everyone seemed okay with that. I need you to promise that you're not going to cast anything weird or-- you know.


All of us.


Jester. What's in that leather case?


That's better. 26. (cheering)


Someone's got to do this, and it can't just be Grog. I'm going to Dimension Door over right next to Grog. Yep. Toward Ripley's side. Yeah, then I'm going to use the rest of my movement to move around, 25 feet, and go like this. Looking for Ripley.


I don't know. She ran off last night. But we should find her.


I'll sit up front.


All in favor of Hallucinatory Terrain, raise your hand.


Yeah, maybe because I cut a bit?


I'd like to cast Speak With Dead.


You want to know if this is something? Do you have a moment?


Can we get the shield away from him?


I don't think we do. Not anymore.


No, I need like a million potions, and maybe some attractive naked women to heal me back to my full health.


I am sure, yeah. Also, with the knowledge that I have and everything that just happened, am I aware-- the gray more that went inside me. Would I know, does that limit this thing's ability to me? Or no?


He's really funny. And this coming up episode might be one of my favorite ones.


Is it a concussion grenade? It's already armed, isn't it?


Levitating thingies! Makes us look cool.


I'm helping you, you little--


Are there ears on all of that crap that this priest has on him? Are there any ears on him?


You.


I'm not leaving.


Well, three times, because the first time he snapped back up himself.


Yeah! They were married! They're a married couple! They hate each other!


Okay. I slowly back up away from that and creep up the hall and stop at the corner before it turns and I just lean my head out and I listen.


Oh jeez.


True five. True five.


Okay, I'll spend the rest of my turn trying to figure out if that was caused by just touching the water. Because I'm not sure what happened.


So for my bonus action, I'm going to send my lollipop towards the giant guy and try to hit him. At the same time, I'm going to cast-- What am I going to cast? Radiant-- No, Guiding Bolt!


I carved this on Fenthras because that's the key, isn't it? It's the only way to really grow.


Jesus. Okay, I am going to head to Delilah. I can move up to her, correct?


Damn it. Well, that will do. 31 to hit?


A cup.


Perhaps we should use more than one. One, half of our band go up, create a diversion. The other half sneak up and kill, kill, kill. That's one option. The other option--


Like a glyph situation?


And what can it see, precisely?


Bonswallow.


We can try a--


When I cast the spell, I can make a melee spell attack against a creature within five feet of the weapon.


Did you come back to play some games?


Turn invisible.


So we slept and we woke up?


Greater Invisibility.


We do make a bit of a clatter.


No man's-- you know-- goes straight on. Goes a little bit to the left, a bit of--


You said that crows are really smart, so I'm guessing she knows-- what?


Six plus six slashing damage. 12 slash.


Yeah? Ooh.


They didn't do much, but yes.


In a museum, or--?


No, that's like the opposite of what I said.


Oh, we've got time.


That's a very cute little thing. I don't want to crush it.


Yes, it's supple.


No, it's higher than that, yo!


Oh, Jesus! That's not very stealthy at all!


It's fine! I hop on Trinket and I pet Lockheed. And then I hop on Trinket and I cast Fly on him and say, Remember how to go across. And then as we start flying across, I cast Telekinesis on Grog and take him with me. Kind of like Green Lantern.


No, that's great.


See, there are a lot of pop-up vendors here, guys.


Isn't that crazy!


I mean, we might as well let him keep his prize.


Yeah, what is Fjord doing right now?


Your ears hurt bad too? Jesus.


I can do some magic.


There might be, but just in case there's not, I want to make sure this works.


Do you wear contacts?


The Silted Bale.


Welcome to the team.


Yeah, it's a seven.


Someone say it.


This is so amazing. Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo the third. At your service.


We're wonderful partners, dear.


Oh, that's up there.


Well, I did almost get us killed.


I mean, I don't want to inconvenience anyone.


So wait, this is a regular Sentinel deck box.


We follow.


I see a gigantic gnoll and-- okay.


Yasha's crying now. (laughter)


It was super dead. Like, no one's been there for a super long time.


Oh. Ukurat. Isn't that the big ghost bear?


I give chase. I give myself Fly so I can go over the crowd.


Yeah, we tried to talk.


We do have a mapmaker. Wasn't he here? Or was he in Emon?


It itches, and I feel deadening of the skin in this U-shape.


Well, I'll tell you this, everyone. I have only a limited amount of spells left to be effective in a fight against a creature like this. I have no melee offenses towards this creature, whatsoever, so that's going to be up to you with magical weapons and whatnot, I'm assuming. I'm virtually tapped out of all my spells. So is the cleric, as well. So if we move forward, that's fine. We're only six hours in on the first day of this contract.


You're so warm.


Wait, but your crushing fist couldn't destroy it, so maybe lava can't destroy it, so maybe it needs something extra special that only they know about.


I had a two.


The first one is six.


Here, hold this.


There's no fucking way!


I think you are so right. And I'll take that from you. And in exchange, I will give you this wonderful opal dagger that I have on my person.


I do hate to trouble you again, twice in the same evening. It's incredibly inconvenient.


Oh. Don't do anything?


If I get a chance, I want to try and lose him.


I'm pulling out my flametongue dagger to try to get a little bit of light in here.


Yeah, let's go to the Earthbreaker.


Greener than normal.


So, if you and your bear want to jump on?


Then we walk by and we Top Gun each other.


One, two, three!


Every second we're here, it's getting away.


Trinket is going to look around, really confused, and scooch a couple of squares closer to Pike.


To the tallest building across from the--


Try not to name them. We're just going to end up eating them.


Okay, so that's 13 plus four is 17.


Could I have some ass-water, please?


I am not. There is another de Rolo. The Briarwoods were sloppy in their extermination of my line and family. Cassandra de Rolo now rules, along with a--


I'm the daughter of the Ruby of the Sea. And you know these are my friends and we've gotten into a lot of hijinks and um... what all did you want to know?


Whoa, did you see that? That was crazy. 13.


The roots were very turgid.


I feel like Vax should lead the party.


Let me have a d8. So that's (counting) nine points halved of radiant damage.


Yes, he had fled the city, apparently. Things happened, they were real bad or something, I don't know.


Nothing, nothing, you're fine.


(affected accent) So then I am going to-- (normal voice) Where's my damn eights? Okay, here they are. God damn it! Nine, ten, 11--


(deep voice) 12 plus (normal voice) one lightning damage.


She's out of grit.


What sweet hell did your imagination come from?


Okay. I will shoot at the one next to Molly. Not good, 12.


Some of you traveled with my cousin Zahra. (gasps)


No. No one does.


Yes, we're working on a very important project. It's an undercover mission in a foreign land, and we're going to need a disguise. Specifically, a wig, a convincing wig. We all thought that it might be a good idea to have some real hair for this wig, and, well, you have beautiful hair. I wouldn't mind if you would lend it to the cause. I'd like to buy your hair for 100 gold pieces. (all laugh)


I know. Because I'm hidden from their view, right? As far as I know?


What the actual fuck is happening right now?


(laughs)


Your breath is disgusting. (laughter)


I figured you would. I'm going to have to say hello to my sister.


That's true, but you were still pretty shitty at it, when we first started.


Do you already wear a necklace? I already wear a necklace, so I probably can't wear it, huh? You can get up. It's okay, you can go. You've got 30 feet!


Okay. You're strong.


Well, thank you. I'm sure we could've made it if we had more time. But thank you for helping.


I found those beautiful eyes of yours. I can't-- I found two rubies.


Where are the other two?


Oh no, why is he looking at something?


Harvest Festival?


I see them. Hmm? Yeah, no, and I'm going to do the: We're running! It's bad! I'm going to--


We are but merchants heading south, down to Nicodranas and Port Damali, in search of goods and wares.


Since we got rid of Craven Edge, do you want the Gauntlets of Ogre Power back?


Also, this leads me to a question I have which is, instead of discussing the short term which we want to do, I want to ask you about the long term. If we ditch Tiffany, and we find the apricot tree, what happens then? Like, what is your plan with this apricot? I think we have ideas about what could come from it. She's done what she did at the first tree and you got the next tree, and maybe she races to the-- What happens next, Fjord? Like, I know you are curious, but what is the plan?


I said no. (laughter)


Do you find yourself in situations like this often?


No, he can fly outside the window and peek in, just to see if you're--


I'm casting at 2nd-level.


It's cool, brah.


Directly in front of Valkin, we start-- (laughter)


Her home.


Well, there's metallic dragons.


(whispering) Okay. What is it?


Five is way too many. At level one you can have five hit points as a person.


What do you know about that machine he built, anyway?


Okay, now I'll play.


Yeah, let's strap it to a horse.


This group is very inclined-- we're very skilled in arcane things. What is your specialty?


This should be a lot smoother.


Are you just sipping tea?


Everything you do, have done, or will do.


Yeah. Any familiar faces in the audience?


Our soul for somebody else's life.


That's fine. I definitely have that. I take out the eight silver, I slap it down.


I put up my nose scales.


That’s fair. Ah! Sword. Boots. Daggers.


Matt.


We probably can only take a few. It should be women and children.


I do not care. I know who you are now. If you don't want to go back there, we don't have to go back there. But if you actually do, don't be afraid to ask. I will go with you.


I'm going to use my bonus action just before this happens and I'm going to activate the second sword.


Strongjaw's kitten?


-- exploration, magic, alchemy--


I've actually performed the Jace the Mind Sculptor. It takes three friends to really pull it off.


Oh, also, with that package I sent earlier, I also included 100 gold pieces in it.


It's mostly in our favor.


Travis Willingham's fatal flaw.


Let's remember this for later.


Sad?


I'm going to walk right into the middle of this. Gentle persons, are you harassing our employee right now?


It is one of the languages of the country.


Greyskull Keep.


Well, the Bastion up on the wall said we could, so that's why we did it.


You know her?


A Dwendalian king.


Not nine?


No, it's a d4.


Voltron?


I like that we're sending to them to the place that's got the orb of death.


Not all of them, but I can get a lot of them.


South. This one says, "The fountain feeds the garden." Oh, we knew that part. Okay. Let's keep looking at the-- okay, what's this one?


I'm taking my five gold back from him, and I'm stomping upstairs.


Falafel pool is actually really tasty.


Yeah. We cuddle between the armor.


Yeah, I said he shouldn't come, but no--


Can he still hear us, or can he only hear the cat?


Yes, it's the 20-foot-long Subway dealio.


Was it because you farted that time?


You don't have to apologize for anything. It was me. It was me, and I don't know if we'll ever have what we had before, but I can tell you that fighting alongside you all was the best time of my life, and not because of the glory, or the fortune, or the fame that we got. It was just to fight alongside you, and to see the looks on your faces when I did something really cool in battle.


I poke my head in between the twins and I go, do you guys have an earache? Does your ear hurt?


Austin Powers.


So revealing--


He has more than one nipple, but less than five. (laughter)


Well I imagine that your friends will tell you a lot of things that would make you feel real good. But I'm not one for short term solutions. I think that you're right. I think that you've obviously put a lot of thought into this.


(laughs) Assuming we live.


Wisdom, okay.


My sister.


Jeez, man.


Mother's vengeance. Fuck you, Phil!


Not officially.


You're motorboating a gravy bowl.


Oh, you fuck. (laughing) What? (muffled) What are you even talking about right now? Do you want to see how high I can jump now? So high. I get on my broom and I fly up to the ceiling.


I have a question. She said that there was somebody that was before her?


So it's a 20, right?


I'm going in, I'm going in.


Let's head to the base.


We're fighting her again!


Did you not fill out your comment card?


Yeah, let's go Sacred Flame at The RZA.


Governments function on paperwork. People have to take this seriously.


He's so weak he can barely speak!


Nope! Six!


I got a lot of reading done.


24-- 22.


Do you not like it?


We're going to do this right now?


Minxie.


It hadn't been for disadvantage--


Fucking start small, man.


What is that, 30?


I won't forget.


Oh! Okay.


Warming up.


I love that she was having a fight with her boyfriend with a giant owl on her shoulder.


I may have helped set up for you, being a caring parent. Don't worry, though, I only touched the ones that you wouldn't have used anyway.


And under rule by an ancient red dragon.


It's Zemnian for "good morning."


I'm going to attack Lady Briarwood with just two attacks.


I go join my brother.


Can I get a sense of the sort of animal that would've laid--


Don't worry, I've already been emasculated. (laughter)


Genealogy of the Nine Hells!


Yeah. That's our Grog.


Way to not die.


Kraken ain't dying.


Scanlan, how much time do we have with this bubble?


I like Bladder Kick. That one's my favorite.


I'm so excited to find out when he will turn on us.


But I wore my dad hat and it looks great on a girl, too.


Maybe sing it.


Are we okay to play this out, see how it goes, at least get on land and see if we can find this temple this crazy bitch talks about?


You look like someone I just saw recently. I would like to Rage, and I will charge the dire wolf puppy-thing and swing at its head with my great-axe.


He looks cold and kind of slimy, and he's coughing a lot.


There's more coming, this is the vegan pizza.


Just some ammo.


Did we want to go to a tavern, too? What time is it?


Oh you're right, the white one is a hunter, it's primal. Hates others. You're right.


Together.


Prime Time.


Oh my god! Oh Jesus, okay.


And now I'm going to cast Fog Cloud at fourth level, which makes it a radius of 80 feet.


Zeenoth, Caleb. Caleb, Zeenoth.


Do the two twins want to scout?


I'm especially impressed you found the list of West Hollywood bars on D&D Beyond. That's an obscure crowd.


The acid guy is legend? All right.


Ladies and gentlemen. (laughter)


Did it look like he took the full damage?


I have a feather already. Can you put a little squirrel?


We're fucking Hermione Granger up in this shit.


Is that a radius thing or just for yourself?


So the guy turns around? And I'm-- (whoosh)


Snap.


That is fate. Helping us.


I think there's a door right in front of us, but yeah, we can come in the sides.


What? All right.


I feel like it's 120 feet.


I just rolled a two. Whoa. That was impressive.


And if they don't?


Right. And she said she had found what she needed.


It's like air, he said. I will take that 17, that is much better. For a 22.


All right, well, it was worth--


I was going to say, it was Seeker Asum, but he didn't say that Uriel had his doubts, he said he had his doubts.


Hey, you two, it's not a race.


Four, so eight. Eight for that one.


I'm going to use disengage, and I'm going to hop over Cassandra towards Anders and stab him in the other eye.


Maybe they won't take vengeance.


Jeez. You know, I hate to leave you without a friend. I mean, if this guy's up and left you high and dry, maybe I could offer my services.


Really could have used that periapt right about now.


Not Taliesin.


I wouldn't understand half of those references.


She did just lift up the carriage.


I know what you mean.


I smell better than I ever have before.


Just act on the fly like Scanlan did. It turned out okay.


I mean, just to play devil's advocate here, is it an issue if we get a hired mercenary group to kill another underground faction in their same town? Is that--


Lovely to see you again. It's been a complicated month, we'll get into it.


Thanks, Wisher.


It will hardly matter.


Is there a tanner in Whitestone?


He's more into Shadowrun.


No one is watching this valuable lesson.


Wait, just to be clear  Your job-- your only job was to walk to a building and back for god knows how many years and you think we're going the right way?


You're making a blank?


We'll all stand and watch.


Are we still in combat mode right now?


I'm terrified, personally, but--


How effin' dare you.


I don't mean to pry into your personal existence, but there seems to be many of you. Was that caused by magic? Did you do that? Is that an accident? Was that a splicing thing?


Oh, please. Lay it on us. Anyone want to go to bed?


Is there anyone who did? That wasn't hypothetical.


I'm heading towards whichever cell had been mine.


Yeah, yeah, make a show of it a bit.


That's just a bruised ego. That's different.


I should cast that on us.


No, I can't-- if I touch him, he wakes up.


Should we go inside? It's an empty fucking bar.


Frumpkin lands on Nott's shoulder.


The other person, I'm casting Curse of the Eyeless on the second.


I can tell from my Identify spell that its purpose is to speak with this thing on the other side, this deity?


Is the Moonweaver not real?


Okay, I will cast Lay on Hands on myself.


Yeah. Buddy, bud, you're very big and large and amazing. What do you want?


Wow, wow.


Oh. This is really smart, you coming, because we can't do anything. Do you want to pop out of that, can you pop back in? One caw for yes, two caws for no. You can't even understand me right now? This is ridiculous.


Can you chop the dude's arms off?


I'll buy. It's been a while.


I'm taking a roll at the big guy. First strike.


That, or if you're up to no good and you don't want to get caught, blame it on the easy frame. The weirdos who just rolled into town.


We didn't all fit in the boat! That's why we didn't all take the boat originally.


Feel the Gern!


Hey, Artagan. Does killing a wannabe god sound fun to you?


That's the sound of 20,000 pens hitting paper.


Pretty much!


Fresh water.


Well she's not around right now to get a keepsake from.


Grog. Just before tomorrow and stuff, Kevdak.


Yeah, it's like 20 feet. Does anybody climb on anything?


Yeah, a big white dragon.


I mean, we can still walk the perimeter if you want.


Yeah, then you run in and toss that sucker. If he pops out, we light it up from afar.


Oh, thank Sarenrae. You heard. And I just run up and-- I was going to give her a hug, and then pat her astral form. I hug her.


Whatever. I guess we'll see what's in here.


Yeah, I was just going to say, been through a fire!


How much to make it my concern?


Wait, where are we going?


Yeah, I mean besides Jester.


Okay, you can do it, Beau. Do I see the big fire explosion too, as it happens?


There probably will be mountain giants, though, remember, that throw boulders and they will be terrible.


I will put my finger in the hole, actually. I don't know how big the hole is, but I want to feel if there are any grooves on the inside or any sort of indentations.


While in the cemetery-- I assume that it's still a mess.


All right, I'm going to rejoin the group.


A tab with a conversation of possible rooms for rent later.


Here, underwater? Yeah.


That's my jam. 27.


I'll give you a Jump coin, so that will triple your jump.


Okay. I'm going to read it before bed. It will take me about an hour. Good night.


Our pores look better than they ever have.


Yeah. Oh yeah!


You have died of dysentery.


Oh, Jesus. Four.


I grab a few, put them in my bag.


I did not steal. They were a gift.


I didn't think this part through. Thank you very much.


I'm the mess?


Do I know of any ways to not go through the front gates? Is there any sort of circumventing I could do?


Young Stephen Hawking. You horrible, horrible person.


Yeah, you got a big mud goatee.


I rip the tongue out of the head.


Trinket?


What was the second one? 24.


But you guys were there together? Because you knew each other before?


I don't want to wait a week, I want to do it right now!


(singing) That was a fun time. Good. I'm short circuited from the kiss on the cheek. Yeah, no, I know, it's not helping! 22.


We didn't ask anybody, we went straight to the house.


Do I have to say what I'm going to--


Because it ultimately doesn't matter. You know how awards work. Come on.


I was questioning myself, I was like there was no way something was called the Grumpy Lily.


Vecna's Amish taint. (laughter)


We could rob the store.


I'm going to take off my explosive bolt and put on a reg.


I can get you back, man. I can get you fucking back!


Probably the rest of the family, too.


Yes, I would like to jump across, run over, and start swinging on that section.


Well, they are cursed. They seem very unhappy. They have to sit in rolling chairs at all times.


Are you all right? Are you really all right? Are you having fun?


(laughs) Yes, and I voice Black Widow. And doing a little... little ScarJo... up in there.


We got him so close to the brink, right? Shouldn't we just introduce him to the deep end so he can say he's been there, and then we bring him up?


Don't draw attention. Go away!


4th-level Counterspell.


That'll help.


Outside the door?


East Best Western.


Does he get an attack of opportunity, though, if I scooch back?


Once this is all done, Grog, you and I will go on a long trek together.


I have cold snap leather armor.


Thank you. How do we address him?


Thank you. Okay. (grandiose voice) And now with all of the rage, thinking about all--


No, don't worry about me. Keep going. Everybody attack.


What, no? This is good!


I open the crate very carefully.


Maria.


I'm still back here! I'm still back here!


Yes, you two with the horns.


I can't? Rules are meant to be bent and stretched. Am I right?


(sighs) Misses.


Burnt hair?


You're part of the boarding party. Go up above.


The writing only shows up if you throw it in fire. (laughter)


But no one likes having their ass handed to them.


Should we try killing an animal and seeing how many diamonds you get out of it?


Like a cast.


So I was thinking (grunts)


Dracarys!


You're doing it, Peter, you're doing it!


What's his name? We never asked.


Is there anything in the sails? Any flags, iconography?


You're so smart. I've always thought that about you, that you're very smart.


But I don't know if you're making death saves. Is he stable?


We'll send word, at the very least.


Oh, tight, tight, tight, tight.


Zanror-- Zanror, it's not worth losing any of your men before we fight this dragon, just let them go. You're already losing 18.


Thank you. Thank you for allowing me to represent you.


I failed it.


I'm going to miss you guys.


Do you want company?


I'm going to break a pool cue.


Yeah, but Uncanny Dodge!


What happened to my dice? Okay. 14.


Oh, he has a helmet head?


Yeah. That's what I'm hoping for.


Sam's spit  not a good luck charm.


What accent was that?


Only because I want to say, the name as it is, is fairly appropriate. We might want to change it to change up our appearance and stuff. Do you know what Mist means in Zemnian?


You don't need to apologize. I also don't ever want to hurt anyone.


Advantage, yeah. Yeah, motherfucker.


I think our man is downstairs. They've given me the way in. But it's not going to be easy, it's not just an empty basement. We're sitting on top of the thieves' guild. This is the Clasp!


I'm technically at the end. This is on Chris, really.


Too classy for us.


Am I also very drunk?


Right here. 20 foot radius, centered on a point, not on a object.


Fucking 5th.


Well, that way Trinket's next to him so that my brother gets better-- doesn't he get better--


Do you want to read it?


We're just going to bust in? What if they have traps and bombs?


Oh, is he a mind flayer, then? I mean, is he like you?


Are-- you're not...


And the last thing I say is, vampires ain't shit. (laughter)


No shit.


Not a problem. Stand up, you lot!


Did I ruin it? What did I ruin? I still don't know what happened.


I walk in with her.


This is acknowledgement.


Wait, wait!


I think perhaps the best thing to do is to rent a boat, not steal a boat.


We don't want to taunt him first?


God, all these numbers I used to be good at, but I’m not good at anymore. Ten.


Eyes of the Grave.


We have gnome? Oh god!


Do you concur? I concur.


A second little globule of light comes out.


Could I offer to you this black, studded leather, dwarven armor? It's not leather, actually.


It's one of the Briarwoods' servants, right? Oh, no. I want to save it for if I fly over one of the Briarwoods. Never mind. It's fine.


I'll throw one out there for you. What's the best lie you've ever told?


You saw a lot of shit go down at the boat!


Bye, motherfucker.


Honestly, I don't really have a lot of plans. My entire life has been plans being made for me. So it's nice not having plans. I ran away from the Cobalt Soul. I have ideas. I don't know if ideas would count as plans.


Okay. I'm going to parkour off.


I'm swimming full speed directly out into the ocean.


I'm going to tuck my snake gut back into its pocket.


Beat him by one.


Oh. Smart thinking.


No, I'm gonna take Tary.


All those creatures that have been coming up, Keyleth?


And I cast Hellish Rebuke as soon as it hits me. If I'm alive.


How's everybody doing right now?


Nice. I will use Booming Blade in a melee strike with the Wastehunter falchion against that fishy fuck.


I'm going to do my little thing and if it works, great, and if not, we'll speak not of it for a while.


That's a really big catfish.


Yes, absolutely. And each tribe has its own tradition. It's had a lot of time to develop.


What about Ulog?


Ooh! Yeah, yeah! Your parents.


Skeletons we can handle pretty easily. So wait, it's 12 skeletons, one rot behemoth, and two--


It's another poo hole.


It's concentration up to ten minutes, so let's move quickly.


Razzle dazzle?


Plus Pass Without Trace.


Yeah, where would they go for that, to check it out?


No, but it is a 19.


Then it's gray, the same color as the stone. I have control of the color. Also out of curiosity, I am a transmutation wizard, so do I have a sense of how old the stone surrounding us is?


I just gingerly start to put it forward, watching him.


I-- oof.


Your help has been--


I'll just do first level.


Actually, this one, it's going to be Matt Key is taking the reins on this one, so I don't even-- I'm not sure he's settled on what's going on, but I think we were talking about maybe Brian K. Vaughan and looking at his whole body of work, which would be a lot of fun.


I totally ignore my sister, which is what I've done half my entire life, and I stick my head down and I let it go and watch it go down the slide.


It's all good. You're going to die anyway. It doesn't matter, right? We're all going to die.


How are they still alive? (all laugh)


I'm sorry, I feel so guilty about it!


That wasn't cocked.


If you find something--


The Arkenstone! Definitely. (laughter)


I don't know if it could've been better.


What time of the day is this? It's still afternoonish, right?


I think it would be kinda hard for me to play the game in cosplay, 'cause I have probably the most armor now.


I can't reply.


I want to go up there. Pike's up there!


My friend back in Gnomolia, where I'm from.


There's quarters. They'll be able to hide us.


It's been middly, but it's done okay today.


It's more dramatic that way, anyway, for the book. And for our lives.


He pushes past the Wind Wall? But it says that figures caught in a gaseous form can't pass through the Wind Wall. In the spell.


I feel like there's a problem with this idea, but I'm not sure what it is, so I do it.


Did you already eat it?


Righteous! Now I don't even want to go see that brand new movie, The Lost Boys, I just want to play D&D! Cut to Travis.


No, not that one, when you talk with other people who know how to sail.


She said she's going to kill him?!


I'm going to cast Phantasmal Force on that person, on that being.


Clearly, nobody in my group knows what they're talking about. This Deck is a mighty gift!


I think it's probably better to bring him upstairs, because if it's locked, we can't get to him very quickly.


You want to try again, don't you?


Hold your carpentry duties for now and go change the name of the ship.


I make eye contact with both of them. I seek an audience with Zanror.


Blow! Laura, blow!


Oh, do we see them?


You know Primordial?


I'll cry a little.


Go take that survey!


Why? But you helped him!


Oh, that's cool. That's super cool.


Can someone transmogrify Trinket, quickly?


I'm in for a penny. I'm going to throw a gold in there as well.


So you don't have to cast again.


Add ten.


Okay. Just going for it. Okay.


Wait, are we sailing or are we bamfing?


And the year after, it's going to be at my house. It'll be great.


Yeah, so many STDs. It's really just like a disease tampon, is really what it is.


Jello shots!


Does it look cool on my bracers?


We're wearing these awesome shirts. Keyleth's got one. I'm rocking -


Here's the thing. We can hide this here. It's a calculated risk, which I am fan of, generally. But my thread, my magic would let me know if someone-- no, never mind.


As I wake up, before we head downstairs, I grab Vax. Did you get back to sleep? Are you all right?


She's very focused and studying our styles.


Yeah, bring them up.


I'm going to cast Detect Evil and then wordlessly speak to you all.


Hold! Surely a man of your stature would honor me by sharing a drink before this battle.


The Dawnfather is legal here.


We'd be slow to be snakes, but more possibly--


Half of nine points of radiant damage.


All right, drop it.


Okay. Then I will move around that way, yes, as far as possible.


Yeah, Divine Sense.


-- finished buying those potions.


I'm wearing one right now.


You buy clothes for your horse that draws your carriage, which is something I did.


Previously, on Hannibal.


That's enough for a short rest for it. He's not going to go back to full strength, but he's going to go back up a bit.


I'll hold it in front of his face. You used this to control that?


All right, thanks, Tiberius.


So what we’re looking at is the fortress?


We need to chop-- Yasha, chop off all their arms.


No. Grog weirdly smells better than Trinket today.


Can I shoot an arrow at Nott?


Where are you? You're in the acid?


Three!


I'm going to call this ball Simon 3.


It's very hot! On the ground, and I'm blind!


I think we both are? Anyway. Thank you for telling me the truth after you sort of lied to me, so--


While people are moving around the room I whisper: Just for our options here. If we want to kick this off and don't mind getting its attention, I can magically unlock this door here, which will make a sound, and then instantly lock it. If we wanted to, we could all hustle inside here, and maybe attack at range? Just as an option.


Yes, it sounds lovely.


Over in Yenkville, but not in Yenk range.


I'm conscious.


It would be Enhance Ability, essentially.


True. He did not have the kindest things to say about you.


Wait, does this mean you can go and we'll distract?


(nonsensical rabble rousing)


I can use my mystical erudition to spend a ki point.


How's that eye socket doing, friend?


Okay, Vax drops low. I click the boots of haste together, and for everyone who keeps asking, if I click my boots of haste together, I then get to attack three times. I get that question about three times a week. So that's how I do it. So, I click the boots of haste together, and then I'm going to crouch low and scoot. No, the other side of Minxie, and I should be able to go 60 feet without a problem all the way past the fucker.


Yeah, ladies first, perhaps.


Nope, Vax and I watched him die.


And that is my turn.


And then we'll count to three and we'll attack.


Okay, but he's near--


Ooh. Nine.


I'm not raging or anything. 19.


All right. Sounds good.


Yes. Yeah, if you have an 826 in your area, you should go there and tutor, and you should be like 'Hey.'


Yeah, that's the key.


Fourth level.


Yeah, we're at the bowl.


I'm just disadvantage?


So much sexual tension. They had a thing.


Get out, get out, get out.


The Apricot.


You! No!


I stick it in the back of his his spider nads. And rip it out his bum and out the back of him.


He just said, he gave permission!


All right, you want to give me a boost?


Just hold on. Wait. Patience.


I think you've had too much to drink, Scanlan.


May I have a look at this one? Not the rubies.


I really do, but you guys did such an amazing job, though.


Okay, you can yell, Pike, don't be so brave, and then I can say something like, but Grog, you're too strong! I don't know, let me workshop it.


Okay, I take the book and I close it and then I put it back.


You can hit things?


Well, I could get ten hours, because I can use two Beast Shaping abilities.


Doesn't Timalt make hardware?


I don't know; is that bad?


It lasts--


(cackles) Really?


Wait! Is anybody around? Nothing's weird and out of the ordinary?


I think 2nd level. I have enough.


Oh, I would assume.


Yeah, but they'd be perfectly happy if we-- We're going in knowing full well what we're getting into. There's no harm, no foul there.


Do we need to kill her? You have what you came for.


I take a bite of my caramel apple, and I go walking down.


We need to 007--


Pull her out the door and heal her! It will work.


Are you kidding me right now?


Phone a friend.


Maybe we should tell them they can't leave town.


Can I move my Hunter's Mark over?


Does that have advantage?


And then before we go, I'm going to the wooden door, and I carve into the door: Pelor lives in Whitestone.


That's their headquarters, right?


Don't hit me.


I've gone into a crouch, so I'm very low, butt dragging along the floor and just sort of--


Can you do anything at 120 feet, Scanlan?


No, that's right, Fjord's turn.


And bears are fairly territorial. I don't know, it might be wise to stay out of the cave.


Grog, money is meant to be spent.


It's restrained.


An old tobacco box. All right. Yeah, sure.


I do! Oh yeah!


Good plan, guys. Good plan.


Ooh. 30.


All right, let's go talk to the Clasp. We'll ask them what they think about--


Can I get made over? When are you doing it?


I'm rolling with someone's lucky die that I got delivered.


Yeah, right now.


Oh man, I'm proud of you.


(gasps) Trinket!


Yeah, I appreciate it. My pouches are still pretty heavy. I'm going to hold my action until he's looking away from me. And I want to move Trinket behind the wall.


This will be you one day.


I will attempt to cast, with the horn, Eyebite on him, and I'll sing, (singing) My my my, eye bitten twice shy. (laughter)


Very well. I am a step ahead of where I was yesterday.


It's so uncomfortable. (applause)


Hey! You're not useless!


Can you poison damage it?


Well, I can cast Pass Without A Trace on myself, and as long as we hug close to me, there's an area around me that's like a dark shadow. We get like, all stealthy.


Yeah, they can, 'cause how else are we going to get it to them? I'm just going to take a little bit of it.


Well you see, we now know the location of the artifact you seek. It's as good as ours.


I guess I'll do Hunter's Mark on him. I was going to do Protection From Poison, so I might not full dash.


I've heard of such things, but I don't currently have one.


That's a 26.


Oh, snap!


That's a-- let me click on it and find out. Wisdom.


Wow. Do you think if we find him, you'll stop talking like him?


No, to the staircase. It's a ten-foot fall.


Oh, towing.


It seems more like you are hung up on it than I am.


Doesn't it cancel out after one roll? Advantage versus disadvantage is one roll, right?


I thought it was.


He's going to hit you.


No whammys.


That is an important fact.


Mister Me?


I don't know if I rolled. I don't think I did.


I'm going to go out into the street. I'm going to find water.


This pedestal, are we going to just leave it?


Just two clerics at 20.


Thank you, Matt! Thank you.


Okay. Get him tucked into that little side.


I'll be in the front. Meat shield.


Are we getting on the boat or doing the carpet?


Yeah. The Invulnerable Vagrant.


Blood all over my hands.


Can we insight check him to see if it seems like he's changed at all, or if he's still that same douchebag or if he's--


Yeah, they come in many different shapes and sizes. The cobblers throw them away when they're bad. You can fish them out of the trash and you can have a whole bunch of them.


No. I think I bit my lip.


I'm getting the sword and the cloak.


I see food trays left by other customers. I start knocking them down and dumping food on the rug behind me as I run. It's improv. It's real!


Bring that fucking wizard down here with you.


I know it is.


We wake up early. Before the sun rises, those of us who have to hide, hide. Once we see them bringing him to the summoning circle, we call the beast and we wait. We are going to be in the most danger, because we're going to be right in the thick of it.


Let's go above them.


I would too, and I'm the smartest of them all.


On Comixology.


I saunter over. Hello! My name is Tiberius Stormwind!


That's better than his first attempt!


How much time do we have before the sun that is being blocked by the rainclouds goes down?


They can't see the map yet.


What if we come back and they're gone?


You did! Did you feel anything squish when you landed?


But really, as a friend you are so nice.


And we want to know what's left behind.


What is it with you and your 20s?


It's a baby.


Can you collapse the one they went down? Then we'll collapse ours, too. Because the thing is a Sphere that can--


Another thousand!


Featuring? Featuring?


We'll aim him towards the part that will break.


I think you mean upgraded. I can't open this.


Yeah, when you shave your legs the back of your knee is the tricky part, right?


I watched part of it.


I can't take that much damage!


-- Grog whispering to Vax thing, on a walk.


You jumped from 1,000 feet in the air. Totally logical! You can't even see the water or rocks, but you're like, yep! I've got this, bitch!


Like Willy Wonka.


All right. Here's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna go over to Scanlan and I'm gonna burn the vines around him that are holding him in.


Grog? It's all for Grog? Is it just for you?


Can I move forward and end up right over there?


Do you have the book? (all laugh)


Actually, technically, I'm new. Great to meet you.


Am I lying?


Well then, if I can't hide from him, can I use my bonus action to do something else?


All right. Well, thanks, Clay.


I start patting the body down. Molly help me.


Straight!


I don't, I just feel bad for her.


There's no advantage because my Silent Image is there?


I'm going to do a daily roll for my pet because I'm going to try to teach a trick, and I rolled a 15.


Like their arms but their legs are just--


Sneak attack because he's engaged with Grog.


I can just earth glide under and peek up.


(laughs) Well.


Shabang! Oh, dang it, I didn't do it. I meant to Hunter's Mark him and transfer it over, but that's okay, I didn't say it.


Six hours later...


I wanted to scry on Scanlan, but then Grog wouldn't let me.


Jester and Cali?


What do you propose?


That's so 1994 of you!


I want to get in there as fast as we can.


Boston.


Survival check. We might get lost?


Oh yeah, I'm out.


Misdirection? Taunting? Anything?


I shouldn't have rolled a 12. I should have rolled an eight.


I would feel it very hard to leave Pike behind in the city. Are we really going to leave and go to Kraghammer?


Scratching sound's a rat and we're all like (whimper).


Wait, are we talking about capturing another dragon to fight another dragon?


Maybe. Can I try and focus on the sword? I close my eyes, put both hands on the hilt, and just concentrate on it real hard? (laughter)


Are we fucking buying anything else or what are we doing now?


14 points of damage.


(laughing) Whole-tavern brawl.


I will hold on to it, but I hope you know that does not define me. I'm not her.


Pike's not listening, she's looking at the chat room.


I could use Luck, yeah. 20.


All right. So we start with a one and then we add these. Two, three, four, nine, 15, 20, 25, 28. Plus Divine Smite, since this is the first time I've ever done it, is 2d8. What did I just get up to? Shit.


I'm going to go diving to see if there's an instruction manual somewhere in this room. I'm on my hands and knees going through the papers.


You don't want to stay with us?


No, she can't. We could leave her in here with you if you want, but if you see trouble you're going to have to get in that water and come across.


They did reference Sir Kerrion by name. Oh, they referenced Sir Kerrion, Percy.


I need my sister back. Are you awake? Are you a terrible person? Do I want to strangle you right now?


We're a little secrety, yeah, and we haven't heard-- I just want to clarify, you know. I haven't talked to them in a long time, so I hope they're nice. And I'm sure they're--


Go for it, Pike.


Can I try Lesser Restoration?


Yeah. Dagger, dagger, dagger.


-- talk to Wilhand and see what information you can glean.


Love, Macna.


I'll go ahead and try. You know what? Let me say a prayer real quick, Sheila.


Can we camp out inside?


Well, we have Raishan convince Thordak that we're amassing forces in Kymal or something. Thordak sends Raishan to get us. We "kill" Raishan.


Fight me!


Casts Speak with Dead.


I am going to just sit at the front of the ship, wet, and I'm not in any of this right


Maybe just try to get through the room. Some of us stay on one side, some other people go through and see what happens to the first person.


Is there a tickle?


Rehearsal paid off. (laughter)


I'll take a normie.


I'm going to creep along the wall towards that pillar. I'll stop in that corner, and then move towards you one. Does it give me a better view?


Vecna doesn't have the sword right now--


I could easily send it to one of the Nine Hells, where I'm sure someone would be very happy with the new gift they just found.


Most of the people here, are they local patrons or do they come from all over?


That's 26 points of piercing damage.


He said that we go to the highest mountain, we have to wait 'til a full moon, you have to have it be hallowed ground, and just sort of set up a ritual, and he said maybe we could get help from whomever, and I was thinking of Vax, and I don't know! This is so beyond anything that I know!


Probably is, he's just undead now.


Goat meat's great.


What are you talking about? Why didn't you call me? We have an earring!


All right. I'll shoot back.


You said it was to the east?


Caduceus, you can see?


(singing) Don't fuck me, Gil. 20. Sorry, 22.


I worry.


Only six points.


Right, there's a third team. Three teams, right?


I'll take it!


Dolan, what makes you think that you can beat the system that you would then be joining?


Here we go. That's (counting) 12 points to you, and ten points to you.


We're coming across a lot of these. If we need to make a quick escape, it might be a problem.


Oh, I have four fingers.


Well, I should probably hold them to see if they will like me or not.


I dunno. You know what, we'll probably have to fight somebody to find out, let's find the first person outside of here.


All right, we'll go get your bear.


There's ghouls everywhere.


Yeah, you know, we never get to see you play, Scanlan, not to your full capacity!


And do what? What they did to you?


(cries)


What if we do this  what if we go up to the mountain, full moon, go through the motions, and Keyleth, you're super-powerful, you must have some sort of way of telling if this Ogden is telling the truth, right?


I like the idea of getting some sort of fighter, especially if Nila can maybe take out that outer onion layer with the lightning. We should have found a better analogy.


As a druid would I know about guardian animal spirits?


I should've done it reckless. No, I don't want him rolling reckless, holy shit! God, I'll die in a second.


I put up my arm and I go  Twinsies!


I don't care what you do.


Am I close to him?


I feel like we'll walk faster than the cart will go.


Hey, guys, you want a hand?


I might be able to.


Go sleep in your money.


Our friends, the Stubborn Stock, said that this was the thing to do for people of our mettle.


Did I come down right where I am?


Wait for it... Wait for it.


Who's not stealthed?


Yeah, no, you're right. She actually said there was one before, that was also chosen.


To their window?


I would like to sit on my ass and look at the ground.


Do you know what I like as much as whispers? Loot Crate.


He started attuning to it as soon as Percy felt something from the belt, so if it's been long enough?


There's one on the roof still, too.


Of greed, hm?


That was on 20--


Anything else in the room? Can I sniff around the room and investigate?


We see guards asking around?


Okay. We keep looking for traps up on the top floor and looking for a bedroom.


We're going to go to the Spark Hammer Smith's. Smithy's.


I see why we got them now. Even better bait.


I can't do anything, I can't do anything.


And I took it out. And I drew a card from it, and this magic sword appeared in my hand.


I'm shoot it again. I'm going to drop a grit for advantage.


What kind of people?


Should I go with pillars? Yeah. I'll go with--


Help me. Can you see this?


Apologies. We don't mean to intrude. We're new to this city. We just heard that some higher thinkers were going to be meeting down here. We hoped we might be able to join you.


What's that? Pyrah?


Actually, if we're going to be getting ready for some trouble, I better change into my trouble gear, if we're going there. I'm going to drop Disguise Self.


It says 90-feet range, let's see here. 20-foot radius.


It's probably a charm spell. Or a memory spell. No, I don't want to fucking wait--


I want to do an arcana check on them.


Oh, is that what gnomes do? They go into the forest? I'm so sorry, please continue.


I had these miniatures. I forget what they're called.


Bracers of Defense. Who needs extra defense? You're really weak. Your AC's super low, isn't it?


Come on. Come on. We have to get him out of this environment. Come on.


We could also toss him a bit of gold if we think it would make him forget the night.


You know, that's safe. We should also probably check in on the dodeca-doohickey as well.


That kind of sucks. So let's keep sharing bad news.


Nope, that's not a d20. A ten and a one.


What does a 20-foot sphere look like on the map? Four squares?


Yeah, good, we covered-- If we do the shingles, how do we cover them up when we leave? We're trying to leave no trace.


No, he's great.


I have a sword, now.


I didn't. I forgot. I rolled an 18.


Could this veil exist in sunlight?


Hey. I know you, I saw you. Right? I gave you some money?


I'm sure they smell like Grog.


We put it in the box, contain it.


What if it's nothing? Then they'll be upset with us. There's nothing more dangerous than--


It's true. So it is up to you.


Like in here?


I buzz back to the group. (buzzing)


Can you throw your dagger and hit me?


Just all the blankets. Tapestries.


Yeah, I'm going to want to hover right in the middle. I don't want to be high up. I want to be right between the ceiling and the floor.


Unload it, give it to me!


Ah, shit there are four more!


Yeah. I take mine out of my pocket.


My armor class is 21.


I'll let that go.


He's going to play dead.


Is it sticking out like a sore thumb?


We have to protect them first.


You need to heal!


Is this an automatic hit?


Let's go find the others.


You look gorgeous Allura, and my friends are just making weird faces right now. It's probably because of how beautiful you look.


Definitely not. Definitely, Nott.


Did we win?


That's a natural one. I don't know.


I’m gonna hand her also a ticket, a scroll of telescription and be like,


No, what? (laughter)


Is she her own team?


Oh, then no. Oh no, I only have proficiency with a forgery kit and a disguise kit.


Do you want me to do it?


It's May 28th.


What's the goal? What are you trying to get to?


And that is a 30.


Oh no, oh no. Jester, help. (fake drowning noises)


It is a full moon tonight, isn't it? Or was it last night? When was the full moon?


Okay, I think I will just make back for my friends, then.


Do we look natural?


I am reaffixing Frumpkin to my face.


I really love Crystal Pepsi.


I guess I'm going to stay up. I don't feel like sleeping just yet.


We just can't go by the Baumbauch ale.


Yeah, I do!


Don't let it touch you.


19! (cheering)


Ugh. Well, I got to hit them.


Anyone around? Watching?


Oh! Great.


I'll take the right.


I'm outta Luck, too. Hold on, hold on.


How awesome would that be?


Are dragons known for digging, or are there certain types of dragons that are known for digging?


Do I find any mention of these beacons-- he mentioned beacons, plural-- and reincarnation or multiple lives?


Recording Vox Machina and Gilmore lines was sur-real!


A little bit. And I haven't met you, but I've heard of you.


What you would do with it. Study, learn magic, become more powerful.


If you wouldn't mind.


We're trying to start a rebellion.


22 on the second, two of which are lightning.


But you can still fight other people? For fun?


Not that close.


You know what, never mind, I'll do it another day.


Well, listen. I wasn't there. I don't know what happened, but... you came back to me, so whatever happened can't be wrong.


What was the damage? I'm sorry.


You're so cute!


I get up with Grog, too. Oh, I have to pee. Do you want to go pee?


I'm gonna fly over-- I think I'm going to land right by here.


Is this thing going to kill you? Can you read it?


Oh, we're going to circle around?


Can I do a quick scry back to the poo jar that I left back in our kitchen?


Okay. What're we gonna do? Leave?


Just move. I can't act, right?


So Caleb gets six hit points as an action, healing hands.


On brand.


Well actually, no. Can you freeze her?


Dope as fuck, yes I do.


So they're really very fleshy and weak, but he put armor on himself.


Door with a grin.


So before you berate us, know that we are mourning the loss of two of our members. And a bear!


Who else is coming?


Back there.


I did scritch her ears, but I'm going to continue down to the end of the hall.


Wet 'N' Wild?


Man, I could really use Spider Climb right now, goddamn it.


But you still have Locate Object, and then you rub some on you, so you can still maybe sense it?


Why don't you unlock the prison cells here?


No. 17.


I thought our whole deal was we're about to go do a surprise attack? We have to go now.


Yeah. (sighs) Well, we had one or two days together. Just throw him off.


Are there any wall sconces around? Torch wall sconces on the outside?


While they were up there dicking around, we were looking around at the middle floor, anything good?


By the way, this isn't an announcement, but I think it's important, that I only chose from dice that were given to me in Seattle for my dice that I was rolling tonight.


No, she's not fading on us, you dick! She's coming with us.


All right. I'll lead the way.


Second slash is 23.


Cram school.


Look at you, Mrs. Medicine.


Do you want all of us? Or a smaller party?


I run in and start looking for anything.


A good short book with a lot of drawings--


Good rolls.


The old Shawshank Prison walk.


(high-pitched) Oh shit!


Who? What? Who are you talking about?


Benjamin is what I'm thinking.


You insult our resolve and hold out on us all at the same time?


I didn't even look at mine! That could have gone so poorly!


All right. No yo-yos here, boy.


Wait, I'm not done!


"Hey Steve."


I know from speaking to a lot of people over the last couple of days, and even speaking to them last night, they're relieved that the dragon is gone. But they're worried about more in the future. But primarily, they're looking to be safe now, and reunite with their friends and family, and most of those people are in--?


I touch another one!


That's a lot of dice.


I think we're all still The Mighty Nein. [cheering]


We are getting out of here, right?


Tary, you know I can't stay mad at you!


They're poofy. They're super adorable. They'll eat your face.


Oh, this is a -


Do we have time?


He's paying for a new one.


We could ask Dolan about that, too.


I'm so confused. That's it? We didn't walk away from him unscathed the first time, and we're just supposed to try again?


Sounds terrifying.


Walk carefully.


Yes, Skork. I remember him.


Oh, but do you just wanna hang out over here? 'Cause Travis is just gonna fuck with your shit again.


The second is a 19, and the third is a 23.


Let's go. Let's move. Let's attack. Are we within 500 feet?


Yeah. She's convincing if she's a liar. I think she genuinely wants to summon forth this thing.


Should we roll for dating? (laughter)


Hey Nott, how's it going in there?


Great. I'll mark it down.


No, not there!


We're checking out during the day, you know, like we're visitors.


Or else they are restrained.


I'll put one of them down so you can look.


Not yet, Keyleth!


Ja, doesn't matter. No one is going to care about a rug or him screaming about a rug.


Oh, well, that's good.


(quietly) Good thinking, Grog.


Yeah, you should go watch her.


Hug a cleric today!


Worked.


Was it you?


I will pluck the buttons.


Later, buddy. Later.


You're a big thing.


Right, listen up. If you have ale, then you have a friend in Grog Strongjaw. A goliath of towering height and size, this barbarian has an appetite for the two great loves in his life: combat, women, and ale. (record scratching) Wait. Easily the brains of the group, Grog is often consulted for his vast knowledge of shapes, colors, and shiny things. Also ale. In his early years, armed with his two-handed great axe, Grog often enjoyed proving his might amongst the ranks of his family's wandering herd. But after coming upon an unsuspecting elderly gnome in the woods, he objected to the killing of such an innocent life. A creature of impulse, Grog felt only pity for this, this terrified little thing. His disobedience cost him dearly. Beaten bloody and banished by the herd leader, his uncle Kevdak, Grog was abandoned and left to die. Exiled from his herd, it was then that the relative of the very gnome he fought to save, saved him. It was the kindness of a gnome cleric named Pike that healed Grog, bringing him back from death's edge. And they have remained close friends ever since. Most nights, Grog can be found challenging entire taverns to wrestling matches. Or accompanying Scanlan to the nearest house where you pay for lady favors. Also ale.


I ask Grog how he's doing.


No, they have to tell the truth when you do Speak with Dead.


I really don't mind, This is actually pretty familiar.


So yeah, it's probably free.


We could be. (laughter)


No, I'm nibbling on some licorice root, and casting Haste on Fjord, and backing away.


I'm justifying. Shut up, Liam! (laughter)


We should've gotten out of here!


Just-- ugh. God.


I think he is, too.


With the minus. I rolled really well. 24 to hit, I'm sorry.


Oh! My war mask! My war helmet.


And I will invoke the Blessing of the Everlight.


Could I give it-- could I give it a health potion?


Oh my god, Matthew!


Yes, they get saving throws.


We're blessed idiots.


Upstairs?


So we're not there yet, okay.


I don't know where my phone is.


So about that long rest...


13 for the other gnome.


I can fix that. Probably.


There's a hat room? I have a hat room in my place, too!


Or hold my action until a trigger?


We certainly don't want them to see ours.


Wow. That's true.


What month?


What do we need it for? Oh, to put the--


Of course, master.


Scanlan just found out that Kerr has a daughter, is what he found out.


It's a pretty big group. There's nine of us.


Calm your mind. Just steel your mind.


Every 50th episode, Critical Role has to have a drunken bar night. It's in a contract somewhere.


Sorry. I misunderstood.


No, Blockbuster. Where are you from?


Yeah, be hanging with them.


I'm just like  it's cool. I'm just watching. I forget, you know--


Aww, feeding the plants.


I'm going to risk the hit and take the dash.


Yeah. Really nice.


Yeah. Let's split up, I guess?


No, we're going up.


Guess I should have gone higher.


Yeah. Don't worry. He'll make himself known to you.


Oh, is it? Oh goodness, this is--


You look like an old Southern white woman.


That was awful.


I was supposed to put in actual stuff. Promo link "lootcrate.com/criticalrole." Keep going. (laughter)


That is very lovely.


I'm frozen!


Oh fuck, are they all making it?


2d4 plus two?


Ah, thank you. 17.


What, could we put it on the Mending Wheel?


Sorry! You should've just-- I would've-- they're not very--


Yeah, so Keyleth, if you like do read it and you see it's super bad, don't--


Piercing.


Oh, okay. I want to shoot Trinket out into a Cannonball from--


I'm used to it.


It's Jeff Bridges in The Big Lebowski.


Yeah, her little altar.


Could we fire it from an airship of some sort?


I even die fast.


Should we destroy this thing? I feel like maybe, I mean--


Well, is this intelligence, or what would this be? I'm trying to think-- I might have come across this?


I'm holding the key up to Mort. I don't know where he is.


Where's the door?


Will you show off your shirt? It's a little squishy.


And is the stone-- does the stone feel natural, or does it feel like stone that would be underwater? Does it look like the parts of it that have been underwater are doing well, or does it look like it's eroding as something that should've been above the surface?


Well, I'm flattered, and, you have quite talent for-- quite a lot of talent for just been playing with the troop for six months. I was impressed by that.


We have a great new shirt in the store. It says Vox Machina.


Nice. Not too shabby. So we have ten, 19 plus 18, bringing it to 28 plus three, 31 plus one. 32.


Nope, that's it. I just need help counting.


Sure! That's a good idea, actually! Can I hold the sword? How big is it?


There's a bumper sticker that says, "The Traveler is My Co-Pilot."


Okay, so I reduce that by two.


(sighs) It's hard to think after a day that feels like a week, like today.


That's a terrible name!


I hope so if it won't, I'll move it.


At level five?


This is awful.


Gilmore. Gilmore's from Marquet.


We've got steam.


I'm so scared! I'm so nervous!


You guys work on people--I still think opening the cages is going to be a good call. We'll see what happens.


You rolled nine, plus two is 11.


I'd like to go back without somebody trying to murder any of us, though.


I'm going to Slip N' Slide my way into the hole.


There's nothing we could damage in there that would remain damaged.


I like how he's surrounded by swirls of Aquafresh.


I'm going to cast Obelisk of Stone. Rakshasa! The butthole. And smash the shit out of both of them! 20 feet high. Maximum height.


Yeah, I know, I could feel it.


Ooh (laughs). Oh, you're so great.


Oh, you ditched. That's fine.


Well, yeah, but you're assuming that nothing's going to happen when you get into the room or close to the room.


Oh, sneak attack is going to take me down.


Wait, there's more below?


There's acid pits.


You said believe it or fucking not. I call nope.


(gasps) You could turn into doors!


Did he heal your heart, or are you still sad?


Yeah. And then I'm going to-- (sighs) fuck, I'm going to get in his face again and use paladin attack-attack. That's 29 to hit, the first. Keep him hurting. (counting)


Add one point to that. It was the keen dagger.


Can you guys all do like the Robert Palmer video? (laughter)


No, they're very attractive I'm sure you heard---


Wait, they're both threes. I rolled two threes. Both threes.


I love that you felt like you had to clarify.


I saw you guys through the woods, but they're behind me.


Is there anything in this direction? This way? Can we not get this way?


Oh! That's a natural 20!


It's a consistent brand.


Did you like it, though?


I still wanna make Sportsball, but you won't let me. I wanna make it with you. See? He says no.


I'm going to start heading downstairs to see what the commotion is.


Thank god.


Mm-hm!


Finish that shit, Pike.


For a hot second, yeah, I was trying to stop myself. I cast Control Water and make us a little bubble as we walk.


Is it just him wearing the black plate armor--


Ooh, that's good. 19.


And that's why you're on the team. (all cheer)


Awesome. Okay, let's ask around and find where this Richter lives.


I'll make myself look like Rissa.


Rick and Rex.


We are fucked!


What about anybody else?


Laugh it up, Fuzzball!


I know what that means.


This is one of the treants?


And it looks like a big factory that looks like a evil Willy Wonka factory kind of thing.


(muffled) What the fuck?


Where's investigation? Oh, eight.


Sam, how many hit points do you have left?


With the skelly?


Can I pull Molly aside? Hey, I wanted to ask you. When you stopped Nott from rifling through my shit last night, what was she looking for?


Yeah, especially Jester.


First one was good anyway.


You know, I wanted to talk to you about your Fjord disguise. It is just a little obvious.


They're not going to, no. Of course not.


Thank you. I go over and I start trying to (grunts) pick it up.


Do you remember the Feywild?


A thousand. Which is not that far.


How? We don't have the eye! What a cock!


He wanted us to come in through the bottom, probably.


Just one window?


We don't know that whatever is in here could be worse than what's out there.


And let's add five points of lightning damage to that as well.


I'm so impressed.


Are these healers considered by people in Shadycreek Run to be wackadoos? Or are they--


Grog, you might have to talk to him again.


How long did it take for Caleb to come out of that?


That's it. That's all I do.


Trinket can.


Port Damali, or some other place on the coast that I don't know. Or this other place, this island that's like 300 miles away.


(poink, power down sound)


While he was doing that, I want to stealth away with my brother for a moment and say, I'm sorry. About everything.


A blep.


It's a bunch of candle wax. White wax.


Zip, zap, zop.


He's Dr. Evil. (laughter)


What dreams?


The same umbrella category, yeah.


Well, he's a tree.


She's good. She's very good.


Yeah, I mean, c'mon, Vax.


Hmm? Oh.


About a minute?


200 gold for this beautiful bag. But! I feel like it could be a little prettier. Is there anything you can do to make it prettier for us?


I don't know. Because I remember it worked one time on-- didn't we try that on his--


This is-- I don't know.


We were super drunk.


d6 plus what?


Wink, wink, wink.


Mr. Mistoffelees!


We are the worst people.


There's nothing to do about it.


So, 19.


I have actually, I've been an artist since I was little.


The whole time she's been talking, her braid has been going like a magical jump rope because I'm standing here doing this with it.


I have doughnuts.


No, we don't. I don't think so because we're not in the room anymore so we can try to see if the bowls do anything.


I mean, are there like stables?


Over the dead body of his brethren.


And I yell to them, wipe your feet before you go in! (laughter)


Oh, I thought you meant like, mines that ex-- Sorry. Go ahead. No, ass minds. Yes, they have ass minds.


Oh right, Brady Bunch style!


Look at this, our throwback shirt! And we redid our logo shirt in new sophisticated--


Yes, but we weren't a group of people. We all hated each other.


There are ducks. We have ponds in the local park. There's a small pond in the cemetery.


Yeah, slug slime.


Yeah, him. That's what I said.


I want to be at level 21.


So, if we hide--


I mean, if it's all slow then it doesn't matter I can walk alongside it and pull the manticore head.


And if you didn't share your spoils?


Right behind her and hold my action until I see her, if she's in range to attack.


You fought well, though.


Oh, dear lord.


You're working. You don't have time to eat.


I think it might keep getting worse, I'm not sure.


That just hits. (laughter)


As we survey the area, how many tunnels we looking at? What's our options here?


Fjord or Molly would like this. They can decide. They can decide. I mean, really, these boots are good for anybody. These are good for-- yeah.


I didn't ask what he did, I asked what he is.


That's so not true. We came up with a lot. We just have to sleep and then make a decision based on what the world looks like in the morning.


Scanlan Two.


Scanlan is really hard to beat for laughs, but Tiberius is so quirky. I love that. I love how klutzy Keyleth is, with raw power at the same time. I'm very partial to my twin.


One.


No, it was before that one.


Can you conjure a keg of beer?


You stand up and it's still like--


I hear him say that he has to die last, and in my rage, I race forward to that fuck in the middle of the room and I swing my Firebrand Warhammer at him twice!


She was being polite. These are good people. They need to be treated--


I think we should take 10,000.


Oh, right! 33.


And I'm just right. It's... a thing.


Just go find Dairon.


We were?


Spiritual Weapon is a good idea.


Okay. And I will attack.


The Coke's gotta go.


I've seen some pretty badass priests in my day.


I think I'm not attuned-- yeah.


I don't even say anything, just a firm hug. Let's go down.


Ah yes, that got weird. I'm gonna flip on the cloak by the way, now that we are well out of that area.


She going through your stuff too or just mine?


Did they do bad things to your people?


Perception is passive as hell right now. I am keeping very sharp eye on--


What's a good burrowing creature? A badger?


Yes, I'm going to invoke my Blessing of the Dawnfather.


I'll step out into the fray just to watch.


It sounded evil.


Yasha, seeing all these arrows fly at Beau, she would like to rage.


Yeah, that!


Yes, kill it so we can run away.


So everything in that area?


Let's get on the Wonkavator, everybody.


I'm back in security guard mode.


What about your sword?


Okay. That's a 12 again. 26.


We're going out the front door.


Going!


She was doing one-handed push-ups and eating chicken in the other.


AAA discounts? (laughter)


I think Fjord had a good idea, which is if you can disguise yourself as a crownsguard again, you wait with it. You guys get back to the tavern, yeah?


Mysterious things have been happening, though.


All right, let's do it. We're from Emon, we need help fighting dragons.


(laughs) Draw dick-butts all over it


So happy! Happy.


Red wood mansion.


Deal!


We were looking for a collapse. A change in texture.


You can't cast a portal on the door and make it fall?


Airship or sea ship? This is your call.


15. Can I use Uncanny Dodge at this moment?


Oh, for fuck's sake.


Tiberius, can you turn me invisible now.


Can I ask him, I'm asking you what you see in there. What do you see in there?


By that logic, mathematically there's no more bad shit in there.


That was excellent. (giggles)


Ugh, okay.


Oh my god. (laughs) Stop, drop and roll!


No, I'm with him, well, he said he was around here somewhere.


I have this. We're taking these people across to jail.


Wow. Ten episodes.


I'm sorry I touched the window!


You're my favorite.


It might do, you know, a diamond?


Wait, stop, stop. I was about to say you sounded very wise, don't fuck it up. Just, period.


We don't let Cali see it. Sorry, Cali.


Is there anything else we should look for, Fjord?


To the stables.


Wait, what's the difference between baking and industrial grade?


Don't drop it! Don't drop it!


I drag in the human, escort him in, and go ahead and light up my hands.


No. They're all dead.


Might as well say something cool. I can do this all day! I'm really not confident.


Sea hag is a fey. Two challenge.


Do you have any enchanted crossbow bolts?


Maorikalji!


But you do have a title, at the very least. And once a year, you have to do something ridiculous.


Yeah, there's a lesser part of Dallas, totally, over with the lesser-- are you guys throwing up because of how nervous you are?


Hey, we have a flying carpet! We have a flying carpet.


"I wrote down numbers!"


Oh, I can add inspiration! Okay. No, that's not going to save me.


We step off to the side.


I'm relaying that to everybody very quietly.


Bullshit. That's it.


Do you tip here?


Take your pills, Travis. Take your pills.


Now, Shorthalt, now.


I might be better at that. Kima, can you take a walk with me? I would like to persuade you to take a walk with me.


That's not very nice.


Yeah. Just nonchalantly.


It has vocal components. Do I need to lean my head out?


There's a lot that goes into it. I think Matt, just to put it into perspective, for everyone in the chat room, I think Matt probably spends close to eight hours, at least, on each time before we play. Or I guess at least we used to.


Are you FaceTiming somebody?


Would a perception check give me any indication of what Lorenzo is doing?


It's Molly's sword.


Get out of here. Let's do the wood one. Oh, that's good. 29.


Oh, so good.


(sings) It's late. It's late.


Were you there?


Ooh, that's a lot. 30.


Take the watch, like we normally do.


Quickly to check. I would know what languages Cassandra spoke, correct?


Eventually.


Oh, that makes perfect sense.


No, that was wrong. No, that's right. Oh, that was weird. 16?


Can I tell if she's lying? Is it--


Can I put a common? I have a common.


It's a 20? (screaming)


As a badge of honor?


Okay, so I'm going to give myself disadvantage on everything I'm going to try to do this turn, because seeing Lorenzo again I think has really freaked Keg out.


Backlight it?


You feel like I had a point.


You know what? At least it doesn’t smell as bad as your feathers.


(Napoleon Dynamite voice) Jester, give me your tarts!


I would never hit you!


Probably doesn't bother your mom.


Feast your eyes, feast your ears, on quite a traveling troupe of musicians, and one humble gnome who is so lucky and humbled to join them. Please, keep the tips flowing for us, and your waitresses!


It is daytime right now, it would require us leaving now.


17 on the second.


Along with this giant sledgehammer!


I'm going to try to help. Do you want to help me lift this thing?


That helps. Whatever I can do, I guess.


Let me be heroic!


But maybe she could help us in a way.


Batman. I'm gonna guess that Bane has Poison Ivy.


We should rest.


Still can't see the third, right?


Oh, we'll stay invisible until we get to the guards.


(whispers) Oh, shit.


I don't get it.


I go back. I give everybody their things. I would like to spend the rest of the week, because I am ready, hanging out across the road from the butcher's house that Kynan ran from, and if there are any youths his age who go there to shop, I would like to ask as they leave if they have any idea where he's gone.


But we could be hornets, or flies?


In your butt.


Oh, that's pretty cool.


