But you're not in the cone. He's looking down.


Yeah, but it probably won't happen.


The pianist! Blemmy! Rissa! The girl!


You look like me. Why do you look like me?


Wow. That is vivid.


There's only about 200 people left. Do you know someone named Amelia?


(shushing) Sit in this corner.


Mm. One's a natural 19, the other's a two.


Theoretically.


Yes, I call it a tiefling trio.


No, I think we should all go. They should get a look at us as a whole, see who they're dealing with, just in case there's any shady shit.


All right, I'll clock around the corner and fire off a shot.


Boy, that's not true. But that's good. You're a fascinating creature, sir. Good man.


Oh yeah, what was he dragging? Wasn't there a corpse?


So add six to what you were saying, originally. You said 20, so it'd be 26 if you're doubling that die.


She married me at birth. My mother was told that I was a special child, which is why I had the yellow eyes. I had two when I was born. We were married at birth. She killed everyone in the village. On my 15th naming-day she came to consummate the marriage. I made the first 50 slashes on my right arm. She made the next 50 for a ritual called the Sting of the Hundred, and when my blood mixed with her sweat, I gained all her memories. That's when I found out she was essentially the devil. I was raised as a healer because I wasn't just supposed to be her husband, but also her balance, because the universe wouldn't accept somebody as black as her in it. Tried to kill her at 15. Haven't seen her since.


Well, that's all up to the deck.


This is-- guys? Everybody? This is my family. This is part of my family.


Don't overcommit! Don't overcommit! No!


This place where I'm going to go wash some stuff. You could use it.


Zehn.


And wine? Maybe some wine?


And I can't imagine that many people attempt to infiltrate this house.


You know, just to see. Okay. 18?


No, I think it only works for a little bit every day.


If we solve the case we would be absolved. It's not a terrible plan.


Oh, shit. Ten.


I'm okay, then. That's fine. I don't need-- I thought that they could be broken up and sold in little sets.


Oh! Necrotic! Necrotic just follows Laura Bailey.


I think 60 feet.


Yes. I was. They're terrible fucking places.


It's not a bad idea. We can hold them off.


Shuriken?


Vax swims down towards the cone. And I think the last time I talked about the Deathwalker's Ward, I'd set it to fire, so we'll say fire.


Lamplight on the boat?


I am going to use my not incredible speed to just--


As the room falls still, I say  Well, he had a good run. A toast to that guy right there on the ground.


Off in the distance you hear, You have no legal authority over me! (vomit)


Let me go take a look, real quick.


It’s this way, and do I see any, I don’t see what -


What about when Grog decided he wanted to vet people to guard Greyskull Keep?


From where-- Oh.


Okay. Do we see anything else weird? More dead bodies, anything like that?


Do you have Thunder Wave or anything that can push it back?


Honestly, the more we act like us, the more people are going to try to tempt us into things.


And I say, "Are you all right?"


You invited them to stay because you want to bone Kaylie?


Yeah! Smash.


Any traps?


I'd also like to use Sculptor of Flesh and Polymorph myself into a very large alligator.


Thank you. That's a baroness burp.


Go do it, Fjord.


We need to--


Is Yasha raging?


Have you heard the legend of Shale? One eye, elderly, frail? To a black dragon, she told, "You may be ancient, but I'm old!" And somehow lived to tell the tale. (cheering)


Oh, shit. Fuck, he knows I'm there, I got to keep going. I got to keep going, yeah.


This is a good lesson, to no one else that's watching.


On a side night, we'll play another game... On a side note, we love fan art. We love it. We're going to try to find a way to showcase it on the show, perhaps.


And that's-- ooh, that sucks. Two points of ice damage plus 11 points of normal damage.


I'm gonna use my longsword.


Is that the end of my turn?


Killed her friend?


Do we have anything that is gonna stop us from falling towards our death?


The crisis orb room? Actually, I'll go with him.


She's finally-- Finally!


What do you mean 'the rest of the drugs'?


Febron. You've been through this swamp once or many times?


This is very true. And I'd rather not put my life in the hands of you, not knowing you very well.


I immediately look around in a 360, very quickly. Does there look like any big cities that should not be here?


I have an intelligence of 14. I know what I'm doing.


Six more.


It's a pickled sword? Are there benefits to pickling your weapons?


My unarmed strike says plus three to hit for some reason. I have no idea why.


Nothing treacherous?


No, not for a while, I don't think.


What's up? What's good?


I could build a bear. Yeah. Great.


You have a dice graveyard.


She's not your sister anymore.


I'm going to pull one of the beetles out of my staff and say, "Professor, you want a snack?" I hold it up.


Can I see its body at all?


Yeah, they just take damage.


We should rip off these guys' aesthetic completely.


Silver linings!


I'm sure you look beautiful.


Anything else I don't care.


Okay, I'm going to cast Sacred Flame at the wolf in front of me.


There's a different package here.


Shit. Really, Tiberius, really?


Oh, halved. Both of those?


I'm going to cast Fire Bolt at one of its heads.


What kind of contraband do we have? We've got a couple pouches of fungus and that's about it.


All we have to say is we cleared it.


I got to get up there.


That roll is not good.


Oh, sorry, 24.


Sex. It's sex. It's lots of sex. [cheering]


Oh, so I can't throw my voice, then.


Is this an intelligence?


Are there sentries? Can we expect to find traps, lookouts?


What a Raiders moment!


And Grog wants to talk to--


Fjord, can I ask you a question?


Is there anything any bigger?


No, we need to go-- we also need to-- are we going to do that now?


It's October.


Does it smell fresh and clean?


I'll feel confident in my knowledge, that's fine.


And let's hope that we're downstairs, and if we're not downstairs, there's still options.


Okay, that's what I'm best at. Athletics. Natural 20. Thanks, Matt Colville.


I want to jump us back two minutes, and I'm not as sober as Percival, and we're arm-in-arm walking. Man, I'm so fucking happy right now, I'm so fucking happy. We have nothing to do. We have nothing to do!


Okay, where is he?


I think we should try to cut it down in case it's a person.


That should be far away from where we're heading. I wish you a safe journey, my friend.


I can buy that.


Manners! Action Surge!


Let's make her drop stuff. It's a strength saving throw.


I am. She's really wonderful, isn't she?


Let me double-check.


They're not even there yet.


How old is Nostoc? Just out of curiosity.


(whispering) You go first!


How do I find out how far a longbow can shoot?


Yes, Uma, they are like a sky blue.


Yeah, entered into the first forge room. I'm trying to find out if Freedom of Movement is still on.


I think, as they move forward, I would like to pull Thorbir aside and say, maybe since we're trying to get membership here, you should cover your runes.


Weasel.


We went to Ank'harel to get a little simple revenge, and it turned into something more than that, and I didn't mean to, but I guess I became one of the three largest crime bosses in Ank'harel.


Yes, the charity that I'm very fond of, Pablove Foundation, they battle childhood cancer. What am I supposed to talk about tonight? I'm supposed to talk about the fact that because you guys raised so much money, we're doing a one-shot tomorrow night on the Critical Role Twitch channel. We're going to do a Crash Pandas one-shot with me as the Game Master and people like Laura Bailey, Liam O'Brien, Marisha Ray, Travis Willingham--


Is this a boat with like, two oars?


A pamphlet, maybe. A big pamphlet.


(high-pitched) Oh shit. Oh shit. Fünf.


His cut?


It just says that's it.


Oh sorry, sorry, sorry.


Okay, I'm standing right in front of Scanlan. Right?


Thanks, chat room.


Us against the environment.


Run! (all laugh)


No we're not!


(exasperated voice) You can go play with Tary some more if you like.


We're all making our way over to Vax's room.


What else are we going to do?


Everybody make a constitution saving throw.


Not his name. And I cast Control Water again and I start pouring the water out of the pools and onto the fire.


What do I find for the Moonweaver?


And then I was like, "The people are going to want Scanlan, right?" So this one took the most time. I will say this. Took about an hour. Mostly because I had to go to CVS to get more magic markers, so that was about 55 minutes of the time. And then the rest was hardcore art. And I feel like I really captured him. He's got a flute. He's got poop.


There's where that pony went!


He rolled six, six six.


There's a hat rack and a Starbucks, that's what's in the room right there. It's a hat rack and a Starbucks.


Cool. Hey, there's people on the other fucking side, and they're going to attack us when we walk in here. They're saying to defend his fucking tomb.


Ooh. 22.


(German accent) That was worse.


I can look for them.


I told you. It's nice being cuddly.


What happens when you drink?


And then my third attack, I'm going to use the Blazing Bowstring.


And also we should rent some rooms.


At the zoo?


Sure. Do your business. What--


I'm on three, so I think it's two on Friday and one on Saturday. I tweeted out the times. Don't remember them now, so just go check my feed if you want. I'll see you there.


That was a nice little Jerry Maguire there, especially considering the date. Very appropriate.


Covered, girl.


That feels solid.


Matty? Can Avantika see that happening?


Yeah, that's what I was going to say.


Wait, was this the same tavern, is this the one that's got, like--


Oh, I feel a little bad. I'll let him out. Dispel Magic.


Kiki, may I have my-- Sorry. (higher voice) May I have my cloak back?


Yeah, but I have my movement plus-- Yes, back.


Disadvantage, right?


Oh, that sounds nice.


(screaming)


Right? Because when attacked within five feet of me, he gets to react?


He has a barkeep man named Clive Binz. He knows a guy around here, too, named Father Pierce.


Better than me. 13.


Can't you just kill it? Wait a second, hold on a second.


Mr. Deuce, put on this cloak, if you don't mind, and climb up onto there and patrol around, if you don't mind.


No no, Kaylie's room is locked.


We know who he is. Do we need to pursue this guy?


Yeah. Ulog rifled through her desk and took some papers from there, but I did not see Fjord tear him a new asshole.


Yes. We have done something terribly wrong, and now we must eat of these.


I rolled a two, but my wisdom is negative two. (all laugh)


Oh, I have advantage.


And just... has the worst day.


There's so much shit--


Just on the--


One dragon crashed in the roof of the building.


Maybe we'll find out!


Am I drunk, am I at disadvantage now, if do the whole bottle?


Okay, yeah. We'll lower the flags, slow the ship.


That chamber goes downstairs, right?


High five.


Would I know better, potentially, where I'm going? Should I be in front? Or have I never been to this?


Onward!


You come with me because you've spoken to him more than I have.


Oh yeah, our drunken ren fair purchases. I was like, "that's a cool mask! Where'd you get it?" And you said, "you got that for me."


I would say, let's get all of the gnomes up there first so they can begin setting everything up.


Okay, I get to reroll ones because I'm a badass.


Silversilt?


Okay. I'm going to dart out behind the pillar of stone there. And I'm going to chuck a dagger at it.


By who?


Yeah, where did the monster come out of?


So far. One gold each.


They might be opening-- that would make sense.


Take your time! It's all good.


Yeah. I still keep my reaction.


How are you, Grog? Are you all right?


A hydra!


This is my bailiwick, yo.


All right, I put down my book and hop off of Grog and go up there.


Oh, where's the priest? But I can't see the priest, it's dark in here.


I agree. I believe that will have to wait until we find ourselves on Darktow, though.


That was him. That was him. I did not say that.


This is the skelly pile.


We definitely have plans.


I'm going to move my hand. If you make a sound, wash, rinse, repeat, yeah? Nod. Shut the fuck up.


Come on, La.


May I assist by holding the bodies with Bigby's Hand while you pull the heads?


(laughs) "Gosh darn it!"


And I said 'no.'


That would have been so great.


That's good times.


I walk over to one of them and I pull out a gold coin and I say, how would you like to make a gold coin, son?


I feel like someone needs to name a bong Blaza Minnelli, by the way. That's a perfect bong name.


Red, Whitey, Shorty. We're all going to miss you.


I take a big old sip.


Yeah, pretty decent.


Ja, so much for sticking to the plan.


Oh shit I missed the last thing that he said. I got all the directions, but I didn't hear the very last thing that he said.


DM snark!


Are they in the clothing of the natives, or do they not look to be Ashari?


You think he would go that far?


A sea voyage. This is unprecedented.


Does it always feel like it's dead ahead of us, all the time?


Dear Tiamat  It's Arkhan. We need Scotch tape.


That's not an issue. But if you want to know if something's happening here with Salty Pete, we can also do that if you give me ten minutes. But it doesn't seem like that's what you're--


Yeah. We could just take everything off our horses and gather it.


Oh, I've got to get all my presents in the picture.


Okay, then I'm going to attack him three times with my hasting.


All right, watch this, y'alls. I'm going to try to do it.


You were saying something about my sister?


I wrote it down.


With some quiches, and some mimosas--


Your current contract with us actually stipulates that you can't have another contract enacted until you confer with all of us.


We will-- are we already out? Oh.


That's a shame, it was a good roll.


Just grab whatever's closest and leave.


I'm not going on a horse with her.


I don't think I'm ever doing that again, but yes. That doesn't feeling good.


The soul stone has been broken and abused before. I have a feeling there's someone who might have an idea on how to disable it.


I've got the shits.


Yeah, just enough time, and then I'm gonna turn into an earth elemental and I'm gonna swan dive--


Is this Delilah?


Is the terrain repeating itself? What was your theory?


Yes, let's go buy some potions.


Plus the d10 for the flaming. 17 to hit, and then Trinket's attacks?


I don't either. I'm going to run up and down the stairs for a while.


Yes. Mort. Join me.


Never mind, you have a meeting to go to. The rest of us are going to have some fun.


I mean, it's obvious we're at war now. There's not much to talk to him about, huh?


(laughter) I'm just standing there like, what?


Good wrist action, terrible roll.


Where do I feel him now? Same distance?


We'll start our journey, and the next leg of our journey.


Oh. I know I have it.


I'm holding paint!


Sure. Yeah, I'll inspire him again.


Look at the first letter of every word, and then take those and rearrange them.


He's inside. Come on, Armageddon this motherfucker.


Well, this we can deal with. A roadside inn. We know were Tary comes from.


29. It's against her.


Big money, no whammies. That's good!


Ugh, god, no more small talk! You still have those bracers?


Okay, so not right against it?


I'm kidding, they really don't. That's a myth! That's actually a myth!


They're just so pretty!


He can't see anything.


As I ran by, I went  Psst! To Caleb, to let him know that I was here and going that way.


That would have been 25. These are all sharpshooter, fuck it.


Am I able to use evasion for that?


(laughs) Biodomes, you know?


(quietly) We don't.


How do we feel about the cart?


The Chain Oblivion?


Did he say that Sugan, being the brains of the two, enslaved other giants?


There's too many dance puns!


Yeah, what happened? You good? Okay.


You don't have the mask.


I tug on Vax's shirt just to let him know I'm there.


Puke and rally!


No! Because fucking I made him pick it. So he goes, ooh! And all of a sudden, he was in fancy clothes and he had a servant that appeared in the alley!


Oh, good.


Those are the golden armored things


Good bye.


Jester, my idea is, you know, most people are not like that crownsguard bastard. Most people like cats, so maybe if Frumpkin woke him up, you know, with a couple of licks, he would wake up in a better--


Seriously?


Talk to me, Goose.


We're just giving you a hard time, man. It's fun. The whole time this was happening, I was rubbing my feet against the ground, building up a static shock.


Oh right, sorry. Anyway, I have checked your charts and you should be in a lot of pain right now.


And don't I get gnome cunning, so I have advantage on it?


25 to hit. 1d4. Three plus eight.


His AC's 23.


As we said, it.


He's just fucked.


We wouldn't have Game of Thrones without Lord of the Rings.


Oh, so that-- does that mean he's in the air for a whole round? 'Cause how it works is, he's all the way up to that height, but he gets to come, or fall, back down if he makes the save. That's how-- so he has to travel that distance, so does he cast Levitate as he's coming down?


Also, the trapdoor--


I polymorph and turn into a fly and I buzz over.


I can tell.


How about I send him with a letter making sure that he is well-employed.


It's like the worst controller you've ever picked up at your friend's house. You're like, oh. Chocolate and Cheetos and all sorts of shit.


That guy.


Sometimes family names aren't all that they're cracked up to be.


It's 20.


It saw us?


Ooh, that's a one. That's slightly better.


I said big nine.


All right, so we head towards the outcropping that looks like a gorilla's face.


(singsong) I love you!


Ooh, percentage dice?


Tell her Dad's okay and saving the world again.


I mean, I've got my hooded lantern, but you can't have that. It's dark in places.


Okay, good. You'll gain seven more than I can heal you, because I'm going to cast Cure Wounds on him!


I'll see them whaling on that big fucker and I release the falchion and send two across the way at him.


Keelyn.


It's a bit common, but that is his belief. What is yours? What is your thought about Ioun?


That was so painful.


She's still here? Trish.


No, the blue crystal is right here.


What was the distraction?


Ah, jeez Louise. Ooh. 19.


That is so nice of you! I'm going to buy you the prettiest cloak as thanks.


Six plus two plus five, so eight plus five.


Balgus.


You get a lot of visitors here?


Well, you don't have to be that disgusted.


Just keeping all that for yourself, then, Yasha?


Yeah, I'll take a look to see if--


(shouting) Hey, Macarena!


You've already used it at this point, really.


It just rolls and cuts.


Being nice never did. What are we talking, stranger?


Yeah, but he's got his ankles tied up.


Do you want assistance with this?


It's plus ten?


You have a height that's very identifiable. It's a very recognizable level you're on.


Are your hands dripping with blood right now?


That's a lot of guards at this one board.


I can keep them busy at the front door.


See you guys tomorrow. Get some sleep. Thanks so much; this was a lot of fun!


Get on the damn carpet, you fools!


What have you been doing up there?


You're going to constrict him?


Solved-- making problems complicated for five years.


Oh, I should've been so smart, but I wasn't. (laughter)


I'm going to cast Sending and send a message to The Gentleman.


Are they on fire now too?


You're still on fire, by the way.


I had a feeling something was coming.


Oh, with Pass Without A Trace, right.


That is 6d6. That is one, two, three, four. I need one more.


They were talking up in the tree.


12 as well.


It's stunned! Finally!


Yeah, that's one. A1. Bingo.


That's 31 damage.


Got to get to that shop, man.


Are you using my friend's success to try and make me feel better?


Ty Odlinger.


We never do those!


Through the portal behind you.


Yeah. And I'm going to hit him twice!


Well, how about you guys go on your tour--


Does she have papers and shit everywhere?


No, it's just going to take a long time.


To Berleben.


Oh, how about 12?


And that ends my turn.


Everywhere. Good answer.


We don't want your blood.


Make a save.


Are you? Is that Grog and Keyleth?


Am I affected by this? I'm going to get health?


How to Play Pathfinder. (laughter)


Oh, I still missed. 11.


Oh. Nice.


I end my Rage. Get in.


Oh, okay. Proficiency bonus. 15?


Laura, make a Shady Debaters debate team shirt!


Oh, well I wasn't, of course not.


Let's look for the warden.


4d6.


What does Pike think about that?


We haven't had a near-death in ages! I am so sorry! I am so sorry! Oh god.


You had a ghost that just fell out of you. Are ghosts going to be trying to take over our minds?


Are we near where the gnoll mine was?


Okay, yeah, that's good.


This is the shaft in front of me, and then there's another? A longer shaft? So we can go down that shaft if we wanted to?


Ooh, wait. First things first, do we know where he is? Don't you have the ability to like--


Guys, come on. I know we want to make it interesting for the audience, but come on.


Freddy, this is everything you've worked for.


Nope, no thanks.


Big hairy balls. All right, I'm going to Eldritch Blast, plus invoke Agonizing Blast, which does not use a spell slot.


Okay. It's a plus seven!


I'm still going to slime them on their way out.


We're talking about your mansion door.


It is. I'm getting a tattoo.


I'm not with you. I'm upstairs trying to get a hold of Claudia.


We don't have to trust each other, but when we are working on a job together, I want to know that you care enough about yourself that you're not going to get me in trouble.


Just from what I heard. I didn't see it see it, but people talk.


I'm going to stand here and watch you do it, actually.


3d10 plus five?


Oh god. Natural one, natural one.


-- I suppose, finding that lodestone and helping you on your 'acapakay'--


All right, all right. Now I'm embarrassed. But thank you. Thank you. Doty, you got all that?


We may need to distract. I'm going to Go fuck with the dog. I push the cat away with that. And do you want to go out?


Doty merely roughed them up.


I'll tell you what I know, and that's that I see visions, sometimes, it's been a long time since. There's a giant eye, and I hear a voice speaking to me. I don't know where it comes from, and I don't know where I am, if it's the past or my future. But I feel like it happened that night when the ship exploded, and before I found myself on the shore with the sword. I feel like those things are all connected. When I saw the sphere, it reminded me of that eye.


You should have some potted plants, Allura. Like some nice greenery.


Wait, are they special candles or are they simple candles?


Oh my god. This is horrifying.


Yes please, this is a lot of work. It's a natural 20, that'll do it.


Plus if we wait, it'll take a really long time for them to cross the road.


Hey, do you guys mind tying me up a bit?


That's unbelievable.


No, Grog is 20.


3d4 plus three? Is that right? Is that how it works, Matt?


Oh. So it did not take full--


That leads into the kitchen, too. There shouldn't be anyone in the kitchen.


And also, buddy, we might be dead in a week, you don't want to hold on to that kind of shit.


What else were we going to do? Set up an Orange Julius stand by that tower? Of course we were going to go into that tower.


That is some white elephant gift shit, right there.


Traveling Carnival of Curiosities.


Natural 18. 24.


It shall be.


Cold resistant. Maybe the dragon will throw snowballs at you.


"I know what he is. I'm not going to tell you, though."


Oh, no. (group groans)


Yeah, but I can't hit anything. I'm like this.


So three, right? Here we go.


That's the only robe I fucking had!


That's right, I'm helping her. Of course.


No. Just shocked to see someone die in front of me not more than--


That was also pretty crap. That's 16.


Warm Doo, D-O-O.


Scanlan just did the trick I do with my kids all the time, which is watch! One, two, three. It's gone! (laughter)


We're going to ensure that it stays that way.


Okay. I'll be behind Grog-- Fjord.


The Cad in the Hat delivers.


No, over on top of the mage. I have a 300-foot range.


What was that sound it made again?


When we run out, you'll be bleeding and crying, and it'll be horrible. And we'll just make something up.


No, there's two people with rhyming names.


Where did Sleep go?


I'll fight that one, I'll contest that.


110, I'm still 31 hit points down.


You're doing good. You're doing good.


It's totally taken us to Whitestone.


Nice, dude, nice.


Did I best you on math? It's a dark day when Grog beats Vex on math.


19. Oh. 29.


How about we spend two to three days, and if we don't find it, we can go and repair the boat proper or at least get the materials to do that?


We're both going to be hiding in an ice-covered cubby-hole.


Okay, not bad. Even better. This is what?


Your voice got really high during that.


You did say kinky, right?


So by touching down on the island, you become a member.


Jump down the chimney, deliver presents.


I will inspire myself.


(singing) Ooh-ahh.


Can I discern what kind of animal skull it is?


The reflection of that.


So we're all doing the (sharp inhale).


We're at war.


It's all about sushi right?


Yes, The Mistress of the Loins. I don't know, what would be a good name?


I wonder if there's a place-- maybe at the general store? They would have a map? Or do you have to go to a map maker?


Oh man, he's not making you roll stealth, motherfucker.


I'm going to join you on this one.


I got to-- no, no, no, no.


For the second one.


Find it. (all laugh)


Can I get to him?


That's okay, because if the plan goes according to plan, yeah. Allow myself to introduce myself. If everything goes well, we get Orentha to fall on both of these people at once. So let's finish what we're doing, ja?


I live in the city. I'll just walk in!


I drop my Beast Shape, holding onto a branch.


No shame. No regrets.


Two years ago.


Can I kill the guy on the floor? Can he be mine, please? Can I please smash him? The guy that's lying on the floor in the house, please?


I know! Are we all in rooms next to each other, are we in one room?


I try to feed the ruby to the snake head.


Is Bryce in?


Gotcha. Hey, guys, I think these are like magical bamf-ing spiders.


My significant other just mangled herself. I need to keep busy. Let's go see Yennen. And so I lead her off.


Back again.


Oh! Can I look?


Yeah, no, I don't.


Take my hand!


25 on that towards that guy, with Smite added. And then the last dagger, with Smite, at level one, is two plus is 10, 14, 19.


Well, no. It says "aberrations, celestials, dragons, elementals, fey, fiends, and undead".


I only know Dwarven writing. I don't know runes.


Never entirely welcome in the company of elves or men, Vax'ildan learned at a young age to skip past formality, preferring instead to invite himself in your door. Along with twin sister Vex'ahlia, Vax was born by a chance encounter between elven royalty and human peasantry. Raised by their mother in their early years, the twins were eventually sent off to their father in the elven capital of Syngorn, but their cool reception among the elves there never warmed, and their time in the capital didn't last. The siblings stole away one autumn night and set out on the open road. After a few years of wandering, they eventually decided to return to their mother, and journeyed back to the lands of their youth. But instead of finding their childhood home, they returned to a pile of rubble. Their mother was gone, their home burned to ash. Pressing the townspeople for answers, they learned of the day the dragon came. With their ties all severed, Vax'ildan and his sister set out to find their fortune together in Tal'Dorei. An outsider since birth, Vax quickly learned to solve life's challenges in his own particular way, often by sidestepping them entirely. And when his knack for circumventing adversity isn't enough, the way of blades the elves schooled him in more than makes up the difference.


Yeah. You're holding your action for someone to get up close.


Is it allowed in other bars?


Everyone gather up. We're going to get our stuff.


Yeah, so I burn my Action Surge for that.


-- that's not really a beast. I can turn you into--


No, just get drunk and hang out on the beach.


I'm going to yell at Pike, first thing.


Didn't we take shards of it from the thresholds in Syngorn?


You loosened it for me. Nice job.


Okay, I jump.


Oh, shit, can I use--


Stealth!


I am not a vegan. From there-- is that a guy, who's that, who's that?


The loch.


He said you can get to one of them, so it's just a Sophie's Choice.


That's fine. He's going to take his damage, and then he's going to take another one of those, because eff that.


I actually tend to agree. I don't want to leave things undiscovered.


Do you feel comfortable on a ship?


Yeah, my vast dex bonus. 16.


I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive.


She’s got, like, 100 more points.


ACrazyNexy "LessThanThree to the Critical Role team."


Dual-wielding. I can Skywrite for you.


And be sneaky about it, okay?


A full Scottish send off when we leave.


Bramble Shot, motherfucker!


We'll edit this out later.


Can I get two of them? It has a five-foot radius.


Yeah, so who's going in?


Contested! (no audio)


Trained in arcana?


Davin was my neighbor.


Maybe. Are you an adult or are you a kid?


Aw, yeah! 11 damage.


Yeah. People generally like them.


I'm going to swim closer to where the chains are coming from and swim closer to the invisi-ship.


I would like--


Let's just give Vecna the Prime Material Plane. Let's stay here! New plan. New plan: stay here.


Oh no, another concentration check!


Let's certainly start talking.


Her wiles kill.


Not much better.


I don't think I find anything. 12.


I tug on his hand to keep going into the barracks.


There's room over here.


Okay. I make Keg's hand fall off. (laughter)


They were innocent.


Yeah, but we don't have any ice-resistant things, outside of that damn--


Okay, so something planar.


Proficiencies.


Do you spice?


You have to make a persuasion roll, quick.


It didn't feel real.


Irena, did you see anybody taking all of our money last night?


Yeah. All the profit from those sales help pay for the free services we provide to kids from six to 18 years of age.


Grog, how ragey are you right now?


All right, so that's (counting) 22. I'm at 22 hit points. That's fine. I can handle that.


That doesn't take up one of your Locate Object spells, does it? Then let me cast it. I'm casting Pass Without a Trace, not her.


Oh, natural 20. (cheering)


Team up with Bouldergut. I want you to go on the opposite ship and find me the captain.


Is it, though? Is it really?


He could be on the edge of life and, maybe the prayer.


To what? To hold the revolution?


Are you guys going to be the same people coming back tomorrow?


What was that, athletics or acrobatics?


Yeah, I'm good.


All right, I'm going to head in the direction of the message I just received. So I'm going to crawl around the bottom there.


Oh no. This is gonna be bad.


I think that misses.


Oh, shit! Don't check, look, I'm rolling. (Marisha and Laura laugh) 30.


Ducks everywhere.


Too scared to talk is all.


Make a wish.


Certainly not.


I dunno. No, no. The ox is way gone, that poor bastard.


All right, man. Been in the business longer than we have. I toss him the research notebook.


Actually, this world is shaped like a d20, so we're on the flat part at the five.


What's all this stealthing? Where's all the killing?


What do I-- roll the 20?


We have two more guns.


I have a great idea, but it'd take a little time. I have a little tub of oil that makes you ethereal, and if one of us-- you, me, whoever-- travels through the ethereal plane and walks down to the sword and waits with it and then pops back into the material plane--


Yes, yes. Very good.


Of course. You keep me safe.


I thought it was just a legend.


One of two cities?


We bought the three superior. We should also get the six greater.


Pressure plates, maybe?


You mean wearing white clothes?


Okay, we'll start from announcements again.


I'm not touching it. (laughter)


Is he waiting upstairs?


Should've used the good dice.


Could you word it in a way where you ask all of those in one question, like, "Did you come from this, this, or this?" maybe, and then we'll know where?


30 feet, I think? I think it's 30 feet. Hold on, hold on, hold on. 90 feet! Oh, that's the range.


I just might.


Oh no, I did Grasping Vine.


Stupid baby.


No! Just for Grog!


Kiri. (exhales)


Okay, but wait. I've got to bring them out of a specific gate where there's going to be a trap and if you go in and rescue any other civilians, you have to bring them out through a different gate that doesn't have a trap at it.


Have you tried any of our baked goods, yet?


Choose your weapon.


Very fair. We have a friend in town in need of a good turn, and this good turn-- we have a friend who's threatened and we're hoping to maybe glean some information.


He's like slumped.


From the floor?


Do I have an extra bedroom? Or how does this work?


Oh my gosh, how cute would that be?


This is why I want the lead box.


Get rid of those rocks?


(whispers) Jade.


Don't run blindly in there, hold on.


Yep, yep, there's a lot of pieces of him all over the alley!


I know. I was looking, because I know you changed things, and it says "Blood Maledict: You can invoke a blood curse a number of times per short rest based on your levels. 2nd one, 5th two, 9th three." I'm taking-- hoping this die rolls worse, come on. For fuck's sake! My Blood Maledict literally kills me. Actually, no, fuck, was I going to do it advanced? I was going to do it advanced. My own Blood Maledict knocks me unconscious.


Normal shot. Natural 20.


Do whatever you want, I dunno.


Huzzah! Huzzah to Zac!


(whispering) Well I don't want to say anything. I'm afraid it will offend him.


It just says they just have to make a dexterity saving throw or they're knocked prone.


I don't know if I do, either. I keep thinking, I could just shout right now and half a dozen guards would stop them.


I'm like--


No mercy Percy!


Holding your turn loses your bonus action.


If they hit her, they take damage.


With his brain.


It needs burning damage or else it's (popping)..


It's like a football line.


You'll see.


Our lives are so bizarre now.


Yes, Gail. Gag us all with a spoon. (laughter)


Oh, she's still-- she stayed the whole night.


Did she invite you or all of us?


Oh, that's, well-- your hit points.


Am I at disadvantage? I'm not moving, though.


I go  Caduceus! Then I look around and see if I see anything.


I was like, "How?!"


Or even inside.


Let's go pawn some things.


In Beauregard's ear, she hears  I am in the hallway ahead of you. Chill out for a moment. I will continue to let Frumpkin creep around, if we are in that sort of a scenario.


I think what we should do-- Everyone, I think what we should do is make our way back to the initial storage room we were in and go up that stairway, because that one's hidden. It's by a hidden entrance, people aren't gonna think about that one as much as main stairways.


Story of my life.


It's not about earning each other's trust. Look, I have worked with some skeevey motherfuckers in my day, very unsavory types. But you know what I trust? That they have their own self-preservation, right? So I can trust that these motherfuckers don't want to get caught, and that they don't want to die at the end of the day. If you want to do something skeevey on the side, let me know, I will help you out. But when we are all working as a team, I don't want your actions to get me in fucking trouble.


Ja, hallo.


I'm slowly going to make my way towards the ziggurat, so I'm going to be actually walking up on the wall. So you can put me up on the little creases. Yeah, I'm walking sideways, as gravity's reversed right now. I'll make my way, as far as I can get, towards the sphere.


50 feet radius.


Stan Lee licks every pin.


They'll be fine. I'm sure of it. Scanlan makes good decisions all the time.


Yeah, I'm the one who saw it and told you guys about it.


Yes. But it's not that heavy.


Gilmore's!


We can't thank you enough. We'll definitely come back in contact next time we're rolling through town.


Yeah, we've got to divide and conquer this shit.


She's laughing. That was awesome!


I'm going to-- this is going to get weird. Halfway through my run, actually right before I start my run, I'm going to cast Meld into Stone.


And if you notice, he's got a few canceled appearances there at the end because--


To the Bronchial Byway.


But tiny? Oh my god.


Let's head that way. Let's follow this lava trail. Looks promising.


So go in the morning, find out. If not, we'll just go there and hope that someone speaks Common.


Yeah, we got some food for the road.


Ooh. All of them?


There was not a lot of talking, in fact.


Door with a grin?


That's 4d6. Radiant.


Yes, Ms. Beau?


All right, I'm going to use my bonus action to dash and run 60 feet after Percy to catch up.


I instinctively move behind Vex.


We're also trying to create some series of illuminations at least within the main castle in case the thing in the basement that we're still working on ever turns on us and suddenly we are un-magiced, which is a constant fear. I've upgraded, with Taryon's help, we've upgraded several of my inventions. I've had a proper sword of my family crest made. I finally got the glove more-or-less working. More working, honestly, but I'll get into that later. I've been desperately trying to get you to stop going out into the woods to stop searching for that bloody thing.


We've never done a sea ship.


By this point, my mom has probably got the package here.


Can I look at the golem, the construct that's down by me? Is his face, the triangle face, is it detachable? Can I remove it from the rest of his person?


Okay. That is a massive nine hit points of damage.


Get inside, now.


You’ve not been paying attention.


Before you do, let's take a look around. I'm going to take a look around to see if I can find any footprints.


No. We plant one tree.


Anybody with cantrippy message sending--?


Aberrations


And that cheeky line about romance.


I go for the left nut. (whack)


No, just an hour, and then I want to be alone, please.


Let's just smelt for now.


I want to look around and then I want to head towards that alcove back there.


It's probably platinum, because it's lighter.


Never has there been a more worthless perception check.


Well, I've fought animals, a few bandits.


Flying Grog.


Yeah, I want to see what this does.


I've got 400 more feet to go.


I thought we already went downstairs?


Can he use his double action to do the same thing?


What, Bren?


Are we at all just forgetting the fact that Draconia is lying in ruins?


Why do you want a natural 20?! You're going to kill him!


Reading a ton. I spent a lot of time at the Raven Queen's temple, getting to know the people there, getting to know what the hell a cleric or a priest or a paladin of the Raven Queen does, since I didn't really have any time to do that.


Since we have Bigby's Hand, why don't we use it to--


You can banish something forever?


I missed it. It must be good, though.


I don't know why I'm bothering. 11. It's a beach.


Yeah, I prep my fire hands.


What was that name again?


I have one more level five. Oh, I can do a level-6 Heal, if I wanted to, but I want to hold onto my level six. I think I'm going to do my last level-5 Mass Cure Wounds.


I need them. Let's go.


We'd have to let someone take it to Whitestone. It could be there today. Or we could keep it in my room, or we could move it perhaps into the temple of Sarenrae?


I shouldn't have even said anything.


Fire Bolt?


Yeah. I'll surprise you with it, don't worry.


We still take damage in this form, right?


Why are you covered in mayonnaise and egg?


Just the beard?


Let's just kind of keep it down at my waist--


It was so hard to keep secret.


It won't hold.


Okay. Oh god. I'm going to pop out of the mansion. I was expecting to do an Earthbind spell, but that's not necessary. That's okay!


Let him give it a go.


Oh, that's terrible!


Don't fuck Fjord, Gil! Oh, good. 17 for Fjord.


Do you think The Gentleman wakes up with frost on his face or his whole body?


While I was standing right here, I heard you guys talking about it?


What does kaitiake mean?


I walk up to this guy, and I take the stone out of my pocket and I place it against his forehead, and I mutter a few words under my breath. And now I know where you are at all times, and I will know if you are still doing this kind of work, and I will come and I will kill you.


Look at this. Heavy crossbow!


What do we need to sell people? We just need a slab to put them up on. To say, "Look here, there's this one for sale."


(whispers) It's Tusk Love. That's definitely Tusk Love.


I take an instinctive step forward, just a half step in front of Vex.


I'm assuming there's no stables around.


The Rand McNally guide, yeah.


(sighs) No, I mean, I do have a very near-perfect memory.


He kept me in a cage.


Hey, guys. What are we talking about?


Is your life worth giving a little information?


I'm Percy. (laughter)


All right, fine. I'm happy.


Aww, damn.


Platinum Dragon be with you. Thank you.


(sobbing) And my bear!


Totally recognize him now.


Yeah, Whitestone is not functioning.


Okay, we're in the tree, we're in the tree.


16 plus proficiency is 19.


Really hoping.


A few months.


I was a little worried about some performance capture coming up, but it got moved back--


Does she seem to be telling the truth?


We're gonna stay on the side that doesn't have all the bad guys on it.


Yeah, three! Who else? Any other takers while Vax goes and gets a tattoo?


T.D., do you have anything that lets you teleport us all?


Arcane recovery.


But you can still go to the Time Travel Mart in Echo Park and you can also go to their website, 826LA, and I'm sure you can donate through there if you want to do that.


Oh wait, Nostoc. He's not even listening, he's just walking off. (group laughs) Yeah, mmm. Ooh, shall we turn and follow?


I think maybe we need to see where those stairs go up.


What am I adding to this, Matt?


Taryon--


I'm going to put the hood up and stay in the back.


Wait, am I supposed to add something?


No, I do! I couldn't sleep!


Whisper to each other. Shut up!


Ring.


They said that the glowing orbs that made the men collapse were purple.


Tally ho.


But he just hit zero hit points, so whatever I bring will bring him over, correct?


I would have cast Light on my stick, then.


13 just hits, good to know.


Search around, help him search!


Good to know. So if you summon your magical room--


You're already there.


Oh well here. I always partake what--


Already have? All right, so I'm going to back up and hold.


Yeah, I'm all right.


While we're having that conversation, I'm going to flip around to the other side of him so I'm a little further away from Yasha. The other way.


At least it'll be disinfected.


We need a long rest to get spells.


And then what do we do in the mansion?


(singing) If only you had used Mage Hand!


How tall?


She killed 36 of them!


Get up under them plates!


So we’ll have to go back and get it.


Listen, listen. Only because I'm identifying with your need for revelry, why don't you and I go do four shots back to back to back to back?


10d10.


We'll take the lot.


Normal sort of hands, but I didn't feel them.


Is it anything that I recognize, though?


Just be very quiet.


I'm pulling out my notes.


This much.


You know, you could roll lower if you tried.


We did get your dog.


Well, no, obviously. But just for detail, so we can illustrate it.


I'm going to walk over to JB. She's tangled?


(pained) No. On second thought, don't worry about it. It's clearly-- and I take it back-- it's not, it's just-- maybe I just need to see someone or talk to somebody. Clearly, I mean, you don't-- it's talking, you don't hear it, right?


Must keep it going!


Last night.


Fuck it. I run over in a Frenzied Rage. Whites of the eyes only. And try and just swing over my head.


Higigigigi!


I didn't learn that they're running, so. Can I call out that I heard them? Say, "Don't let them run!"


It's pissed off in a ball.


You want to mess with her, put out your other hand. (laughter)


Because Raishan's the shapeshifter, and no one knows where she is, including Gilmore, who's been scrying for a week to try to find her.


No, not at all. What the fuck is this?


That's up to you.


Oh, right. It's a 19?


It's all right, you're already a badass.


Can I move underneath so I can maybe catch Grog from where I cheerleader--


Spend it on something you like.


Are you saying you know more than Ioun?


I don't know, because this is new.


Ja, you can understand that we would be curious, but I don't want to push anybody. I mean, we've just met.


While everybody is going up to their rooms, can I stay down-- are you staying down?


That's another six points, halved.


What do you have right now? Something ready? I want to chew on something while we talk.


It might be fine. Oh god.


It's not that they were locked. They were trapped.


No, I'm going to jump for the other house.


So the Cerberus Assembly is that powerful with magic?


Onward to the theater!


Does grit give you advantage?


What's the last thing he said?


It's a more festive atmosphere?


50 feet, using diagonals to try and get as far around that pool as I can.


After what we have been through in the last month, it'd seem foolish to split up now. I'm curious about the Menagerie Coast.


Are we within range of the forests?


And then we don't really fight.


They're gonna die.


Let it hang out a little bit?


A lot going on this roll.


Can we find you here or will you be gone?


Where's, like the thing that fell? Is it blocking any sort of--


When that could--


I have the potions.


(laughing) Super slow. (laughter)


No, I'm going map hunting.


Fuck that bitch! We need to get my sister out of this room. Keyleth, can we use vines? What can we use to get my sister out of this room now?


17 does not hit, FYI.


Can I hug around the corner a little? Hide a bit?


Ah! This guy! (yelling)


Okay. Shut up.


Are there any open doors?


Lillith.


(accent) Talking comics.


Because they all hit. That's four, six--


Don't look at me.


Can you catch fire to the bookcase?


I'm going to punch it with Bigby's Hand. I'm going to do Bigby's Hand. And punch it. That's it. Punch. That's my move. Punch.


It gives you a plus on your ability checks. And it gives you a 1d4 plus to your-- (several talking at once)


Why didn't that happen before? That's seven.


They were dead? Like very dead?


How about we do a little bit of both? We can have a few of us, maybe two, as slaves, the rest as masters, walking around incognito. Once one of us gets sold off, we track him back so we're not fighting a member of the Embassy of the City of Brass in the middle of the market.


That is a one.


Yeah. You should do that.


DC on that, it just says wisdom saving.


Okay. Nothing to see.


It's not clear. We could just be in their way.


I don't wanna go back to Vasselheim.


I'll use my movement to get right where I need to be.


We're going to die from bad paperwork.


Let's pay attention next time, shall we? Cool.


I'll reel them back in. All right, that's good to know.


Okay. I look him in the eye. I will go away. Get the message to her that the head of the circus frog is at the docks, waiting for her inspection.


We had a whole Phoenix Wright party.


The flu, perhaps.


Go get one!


If you guys are wandering back, Caleb is giving Jester the vaguest stink eye as he scritches Frumpkin's head.


Okay. Hey, that's high! That's not. Three.


It's a river of impulses? Such an allegory for so many things.


Your son is just the cutest.


Okay. Well then, I do one of these, the Sugar Ray Leonard. I do this-- (all laugh)


I approve of this plan.


Ask him if the bridge is booby-trapped.


Of the four or the six, because it's my fist?


When we were talking to Trent. You know we were talking to Trent.


Fucking linebacker 40-yard dash.


Yeah. It's just a cantrip.


Same here.


I'm very strong, I could maybe hoist you.


It's so brisk and wonderful.


What time of the evening do I know it to be?


I'm at two hit points.


Do you know anything about any of the families here?


God. You're not going to puke, are you?


And 17 points of damage.


Is there a pack in the bag?


Do I have any other reference, would I know anything else about that?


It's apple juice! They gave me the flask, not what's in it.


Julous what?


Yeah. Yasha was surprisingly effective.


Sleep in shifts.


If it comes up, should we grab it?


Tell me they're super valuable. That was a fucking bitch to lug around.


It makes me so uncomfortable.


"Pike, does Scanlan have a shot?"


Vex is grappled, Vax is dead, and then there's me. How close am I to Vex and Vax?


We were going to investigate Kara, who was going to the bar that the Gentleman frequents.


How's your face feel?


This too shall pass.


Okay, go to Geek and Sundry's dot com, whatever the store is!


Bunker it is.


Yes, you need to go down here.


Yes, if we try and go super fast.


All right, I dispel it.


Well, I think the intro--


While they were gone--


So (sighs), but I'm more hopeful. I'm not quite as fearful of whether-- I'm worrying less about what may happen when I die again and if I'm going to go back there.


This is fucking brilliant.


Don't you fucking shoot that shit at me! And I go into a frenzied rage! And I will-- I'm going to just attack it regular, with Craven Edge. Just on this one, 'cause I don't know what hits yet.


What's your name? I am a bit confused at what's going on here so-- (all laugh)


I'll try. Maybe I should sleep with bells on.


God damn it.


Everything is a milk bath.


This is not wicked. It's just a staff. It doesn't even have a name.


Those coins went all over the floor?


We just used up all of their food and they don't have any left.


I freeze.


We should have taught her that last night.


If we were to be interested, it's true that you are pointing us in the direction of this place, but we would be doing all the work. We would need a very high percentage.


I want to keep an eye out for any traps or anything.


She goes, "Grog, watch this!"


Yeah, but spikes.


We're off.


Did I cast Pass Without a Trace on us before we headed out?


Bonus action, I'm going to take a superior healing potion. So that's 8d4?


Well, to wrap it up a bit, we've just recently got into town. We're looking for employment, odd jobs. We were recommended to you to be the person to talk to about what actually is going on in this city. We're new to this city, we don't necessarily have our thumb on the pulse of what's going on.


And I'm listening for voices. Do I hear anything?


What is the name of that place again?


Yeah, you're sweating a lot.


Sorry, I've got this thing in the way. Back a little bit-- scoot back. Is that still in your path?


We're going to lose a finger before the night's done.


So perhaps if we tell everyone the Briarwoods are dead. Cassandra?


Delicious.


Well, someone could go back and get her. We don't have to do this right now, but when we're done here, maybe we want to camp here so we have a place to hide inside a mansion.


Oh man, I don't know. I'd be okay with it, I guess.


Armful of rotting fruit.


(beatboxing)


I'm going to spend a point of dead-eye to that last one that's on the ground, and I think that cancels out the disadvantage. Yeah, let's just shoot him. Yeah, that's a 27.


She was light already.


Oh wait, wrong eye.


(air-horn sound)


Yeah, can I go back since we have ten minutes and go get some torture weapons?


Let's gather our troops.


Don't worry, everyone! I've cleared the way.


Okay. There's a fierce wind, I've got to--! Oh no! I'm in a box! Oh no! The box is getting smaller! Don't worry, I'll climb out!


No, I'll just hang on to it. If she ever is like, I don't know. If we ever need it, we got it!


Roly-poly is cute; cannonball is--


I go ahead and crack my staff on the ground and cast Anti-life Shell.


Stick figures for the win.


You don't want to be near me. You should be in the middle, able to move.


We can't bankrupt the treasury or anything, but I'm sure that we can dip.


No, it's quite common.


Listen, real art makes you uncomfortable and challenges you.


What's in the cart?


I can't tell anything right now. It looks pretty normal. And it's a good sign that it's not talking to you.


Yeah, like a million bucks.


I can't cast Pass Without a Trace?


What's your strongest drink?


Wait, what has-- Dairon's been talking about me? What has she been saying?


This is a good time to mention that in between last game and this--


Why don't I just have Caleb look--


I'm going to Disguise Self, too.


Maybe we should go up for supplies.


Oh no. No, Kiri, this is where we're stealthy, all right? Knife goes away. Shh. Nice.


Presentation's lost.


What are you at, Fjord?


We could -- You're right. Maybe we should just leave. Molly and Fjord will be fine, we'll just leave.


It helps.


Oh jeez. Here it comes.


Can I reply to that message?


Dimension Door, but I'm holding until either Pike or Keyleth heals him more. And I will also say to him, old man, do you have some fight left in you?


Evening, sir.


I’m sorry. Can you set the scene? Two guards at one end and one at the other?


That's pretty.


Of course.


I'm going to double-check these bodies for things before we go. If anyone wants to help me with an investigation check--


I cast Hex on the main pixie.


Yes. And, "I plan to betray all of the city's secrets to your foes if I ever return. It'll be very smart to kill me on sight." (laughter)


I would assume so, yeah.


But wait.


I say, (whispering) 'sup, Sun Tree? And then send her through.


You all have one fucking job, you go and you tell all your stupid friends: No fucks with the Mighty Nein.


Your hair is lovely.


(cooing) Shield! (coo)


And prone. MATT; Yeah, you're still within the minimum distance, so with disadvantage regardless. That is, with disadvantage, a 13. What's your armor class?


It's also possible that we met my dad earlier and we didn't know it.


Is there a story?


She knows?


And I've always had a disguise kit.


What did they roll to hit, though?


Well, fine.


If we defeat him, do you go away?


Cool. Here's the pigeon he's been eating.


It was not offered.


At least for a drunken bender. Tonight, you want to stay with me? [cheering]


Yeah, can't you make the mansion look like anything you want?


Nice! We should come up with a dance.


Instant karma's going to get you, man.


Fun ball of tricks!


I'll go wherever you need me to. Mr. Fjord said that I'm to do whatever so I'll go wherever.


Big square room, gets bigger, it's changing.


Okay. Don't fuck me, Gil. 17?


We just did it!


It was the best, it was such a wonderful, wonderful--


It's gonna be an engagement d20.


I toss Percy his gun.


Just go straight down.


Was he bigger than me?


I'm holding on the rope, because I'm an idiot.


Yes, I did. With my friends.


You heard the ambassador; please leave. (laughter)


I just swallowed my gum.


I don't know if he would still have those items.


Everybody in this club getting hit points.


Did you find a portal into somebody's wardrobe?


So it did like an ink cloud.


You know, you're not having--


I can make a scene.


That's a 18.


Is he like Hotis?


Okay. And I Beast Shape into a rat.


I have some sort of a cloak over my helm, since it emits light always.


I will rage, and that's it.


Second attack. Not good. 11?


Oh, can I move around the corner? Then see it?


Sora, Sora. Have you seen my dad around?


Or is he looking for something?


Everybody. Literally, the coat is made up of seven different options.


I can seem up to three feet shorter, but--


Can Frumpkin be a bird?


This'll go great. 12.


Arcana, insight, investigation.


I wonder if he has to crack himself.


Just one extra d8. Do I roll that, or do they?


A long rest.


Great, and do you know how much that might run?


They don't sense anything.


Tell the truth.


Left!


You say that because it's a good idea, or because you're feeling--?


What on earth are we doing?


Dragons? Have you heard about anything?


This is going to be great.


Acrobatics. 16.


And still maintain sight? Oh, wait, no, I'd be more than 60 feet away.


What the fuck was that for?


So not reckless. Natural 20. (cheering)


Bye, Pike.


What were you saying Tiberius?


I'm hooking Kiki by the arm. Hey, you've got that look in your eye.


I didn't even need it because I wasn't hurt at all in the fight.


Is it advantage because he's incapacitated?


Mostly.


I was in tears.


Do you have time to attune to your other thing?


Sentinel!


I have a potion. This should solve all of our problems.


It doesn't matter. I rolled shit, twice. 12.


That was fast. You really fought five guys in an alleyway that fast?


The Pillow Trove is an inn, of course it's open.


Here's a beautiful red gem. It looks special.


Tried through the Sun Tree? What do I do? Do I just--


Pike did a lot of important things.


Well, of course it saw us.


I was not.


No, no, it's me. It's me. It's me. Sorry. Sorry.


Now, now!


I think she's a bitch.


Let's go talk to Jarett. We'll have appropriate clothing set up and prepare ourselves for the trip.


For the orphans.


Blue and a foot smaller, like Blue Man Group. Black clothes, blue face, bald.


Am I at disadvantage because he's prone, but he's right there?


That's the first attack.


Are you casting Blur or Mirror Image?


I can picture that. Why did you do that?


Golf claps.


I'm Jimmy Falloning so hard over here.


All right. I rolled a 28.


That is a spoiler, like a week ahead.


I look to my sister as we go.


Well, I don't hurt things very well. (laughs)


We're mutual fans of one another, if you will.


Come on, baby. One more time.


If you're interested in someone, make sure they know.


It's lovely to meet you. I'm ashamed of something, and I wanted to tell you about it. My friend over there, the big one, pointed you out to me and said: look at that beautiful girl across the room. And I'm ashamed that he had that moment of seeing you before I did. For knowing that he got to experience that beauty for a moment longer than I. Why, it's almost enough to make me cry. I've read many books, but your hair could fill a novel with its beauty. Your eyes are sonnets, your nose and mouth epic poems. And almost-- almost any feature of you could be enough to live a life on. But I'm afraid it's your neck that got me. The subtle curve, the way it meets your chest just so. It's like a wave crashing on a beach, at the same time ferocious and peaceful. I want to go to that beach. I want to swim in that tide. I want to dip my toes in that water and experience it for myself.


We're in it!


Just wanted to say we have more. We've had new ones come in. New ones.


Question. Grabbing a weapon off the ground, that’s a freebie, right? Is that a bonus action? I feel like that’s - I think that’s free?


I think I did. I think I'm looking for answers for something, and I don't know if I received any more, but I'm still looking.


Maybe you should learn how to speak to him.


I mean, I like pies but I'm a bad example of so many things.


That's a Percy mask.


I push on my sister's shoulder blades.


First weekend of March.


Ix-nay.


Yeah, I'm at an angle, but I'm a lot lower than she is.


What's the pattern look like?


Ah, the ace of spades-- two of spades, it changed, dammit. Looking at Pathfinder right now. (all laugh)


The captain, yes.


Shit! Would Trinket have been able to make it over to him?


Oh, with disadvantage, right?


Yeah, we have time.


Weeks?


Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah! I'm going to do an 8th-level Scry.


Okay, that's true. 13.


Yes. They do.


Where you were, right?


He scurries away-- No, he scurries up onto the wall, up onto the ceiling.


It's a sign. It'll be a lovely Winter's Crest. We haven't had a master or mistress of the Grey Hunt in many, many, many years.


Yeah, it's 60 feet!


Make sure you get his good side.


Oh, just eggs, okay.


Oh, we're on a moving cart?


And they will poop in your box for the delivery.


You can show his people that work at the mansion how to cook, 'cause they are terrible, I can tell you that much.


23 hits, but I take half damage.


Does it say anything about it hiding in water?


Second one is a 16.


Why would they be talking about me?


Oh yeah, that's a good idea.


What-what! I feel like Vex is really good at finding illusions. Oh, shit! Okay, well, can I put the front of my face through the wall and see what I see?


Are there any interesting-looking weapons or unique items that are out of the ordinary?


Your initiative is normal.


I have this inventory sheet that I got from the Baumbauchs, we could use this as claims that it got stolen. And hope for reimbursement.


Well, what are you complaining about then?


He's so cool.


I am going to limp as I go.


Let's count out the things that we want to do. Not what we're going to choose, just what we have to do, and then we'll choose something. We've got the Cobalt Reserve, which may or may not be totally fucked, right?


You ever seen an anaconda mouth? There are lots of teeth in there. It's real bad.


What, you? I don't want to talk to you.


(yells)


We can break off some branches and some kindling.


Oh no. Oh wow. Okay.


Okay. I'll let you guys stay. I just wanted to do one more thing. Okay, I walk over to where Scanlan is.


Five questions?


Do we need it? Is anyone hurt?


I know, it's so great.


Politician?


Well, fine. Erikson.


I feel like over there is the way to go.


No, you're unconscious.


How far off are they?


Sorry, 16 points of damage plus four, so 20 points of damage. Wait. No, 16 points of damage. Math!


Do you know Delilah Briarwood?


We healed this forest; it should thank us.


Language! Come on!


It's just getting awkward.


And I'm going to back off.


Is it still dark out?


I couldn't make potions with alchemist supplies, could I?


That's three diving tanks for competitive diving.


Let's try being polite, first. I will knock on the door.


Yeah. Too bad, right?


Tary, you got some kind of Dispel Magic over there?


They really had it coming.


Well, that was a cheap shot.


(garbled) Go fuck yourself.


If I could pull the blood of you from my veins and give it back, I would. I want no part of you.


You know what? I can't do it, anyway. I think Gate is a concentration spell. Even if I'm reading it off a scroll?


That's cool. I'm going to take my off hand, I'm going to run and just take the edge of my arm into his throat.


Keyleth, this is an old friend of mine, who I trust very much. He saved me when I was troubled and taught me much about the ways of performing and charming. He has my full trust.


Heal up a bit?


You may have taken the wrong lesson away from that.


How about Snugglelord riding Travis's cock and balls?


Oh jeez. I'm not used to having these things. Then yes, I'll just have him take a swing at the thing, a bash.


Yeah. We turned around. I pull your brother out of the pit, and you're laying there lifeless on the floor.


I'm moving first.


Before dinner?


Yes, very much.


21. What I rolled.


Scandinavian.


Is she trying to run?


I don't know. I've never done anything quite like this before. I mean, most of the time you guys have been there for resurrections, I don't know. I don't know. We just have to try.


Have you read it now? What's it say?


We're the Three Amigos is really--


What was it, like 79 points of damage you did in one round?


I've got a flying carpet!


Okay, realizing that the druid and the goliath are going to have to figure that out, Vax walks to the middle there and starts to take a wee in the corner. It's been a long time.


Last chance. All alone.


I'll find the notebook somehow. Don't worry.


These were palantirs hanging in a wall where another dragon somewhere peeked through and was pissed off.


Wait, Pike saw him.


And we made a deal.


Why are you being an asshole to me today?


That's what you usually get.


And I love Keyleth.


Are those the ones I gave you?


It's also done without any contact.


No no, stay, we've got party favors.


That's my movement to get up?


If it was lightning, it'd be fine. But no.


Are we riding there by horseback? Is that what we're doing?


Actually one of my favorite stories that I tell all the time is about you, from our first game, 'cause if you remember, I didn't play. I just kinda helped Matt help you guys. I was like a D&D minion. And I remember I was helping you, and I remember you were like, "So, if I just wanted to go up and punch those guards, I could do that?" And I was like, yeah, well you would go up, and you would punch them, and then Matt would tell you how you'd do that. And then you went like this, you were like.


She's n-- yes. I've known her for a while.


We should probably get off to see what the emperor wants.


12. I'll go into a rage for it.


I go and I'm going to take my 30 feet straight towards the wall. I can't see anything, but I can move.


You're Forsythia?


Why's this small man on the Sistine Chapel? (laughter)


She was red.


Yeah. I'm going to take a picture of me. Someone can put that on a shirt. Oh man, this is amazing.


They have a monorail?


Bonus action. Do you want to do anything? Do you want to heal?


Oh yeah, behind him, behind him.


12 points. Great. Okay. Thanks.


Cool. Using my bonus action, I want to disengage from it and back up a little bit.


Take a short rest there.


Tomorrow, we're talking about? Yes, absolutely!


I can't hear you.


Wait! Are we unfreezing her?


Just hit him!


They're awful, I'm aware.


He likes to put on a show.


There's people, though. Or something.


All right, I'm going to sneak up to it.


Pocket a bolt.


Eat my shorts, dude!


What did you think we were making allegiances for? Just to hang out with them? We need them to fight and die for us!


It hasn't come into play!


I don't think I can because I've lost control of this whole thing.


That's an 11. It's a six. One.


I go to the ledge and look over.


Well, we don't want to necessarily have them jump in right away. We want them to set Vorugal on Yenk, correct?


Because that's what I do. If I roll with a--


Do I get a hit?


I have no patience for any of this shit.


You have a very comfortable relationship. It's really nice to see, to be honest.


You are dealing with very large responsibilities right now. I don't envy your position. You know, my father was a soldier and he expected a lot. I learned a lot from him. I've tried to live up to the man that he was and I've largely failed, but I've picked up what I could. Used my wits, understand my surroundings. I wish I had half the courage he did. I don't know. You know, I think traveling with all of you has emboldened me some. I was alone for a long time and ran from everything. I like this group and I enjoy traveling with you, Fjord.


Like Rafiki?


No, when we ran into it, it felt like a brick wall.


I mean, we could send in an image of a fish and see, but an image of a fish-- it's not movement of water, it's not the same.


I feel like you're lying more now than you used to.


Can I take time, if we grapple him and I take a rest, essentially, almost take a 20 to cast Geas on him?


Come on, give us a tickle.


Oh, I'm just saying what I overheard. My friend Kevin, he's truthful. When he lies, his papa beats him, so I believe him. He said that someone really strong took out someone who was at that big fancy house that was all aflame the other day. He said that there's lots of them, and that they're going to free us all from this hell we live in!


Someone in a robe.


Dun dun dun!


How much would a greater healing potion run me?


Covered in duck butter.


Can I pick it up? I'll pocket that shit.


When they're grieving?


(as Jester) Technically we stole it from the crownsguard because he took it away, so we stole it later.


I got some shit to do, people.


I'm so swole!


I, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I can do it right now. Is anyone watching?


They want to bite us?


We're in an ancient city. Are there the remains of furniture in here?


Hmm, good.


Different tree?


Nobody is.


Just pick a city. Let's just keep looking at people in various cities.


Yeah, they like to fuck a lot is my point.


That's bigger than a town, right?


Oh, damn. It's that whole shit, yo. All right. (grunts) I'm going to jump! And I would like to rage as my bonus action. And with my new Jump coin, I would like to jump with my Boots of Feral Leaping. It's three times my horizontal jump speed, which is 20 feet, so 60 feet.


We can always pull in the ship really fast to load on the crew and then peace out?


So he rolled a 20.


He'll be fine.


I mean, it's putting together. He was never that talkative. I don't know. I don't like it.


They have an Infinity Gauntlet oven mitt.


Oh, god. Please no one, please no whammies.


Still in the Zone of Truth now.


I'm going to cast Lightning Arrow on the soldier on the ground.


But is he human?


That's 12 plus three, is 15.


It doesn't hurt, I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm part dragon.


All right. Hey! I made a friend!


Okay. Yes. Do I just roll? 10d8.


Which one's Nancy, which one's Drew?


All right. I'm going to take Garmelie and throw him across as many rivers as I can. (cheering)


Hold! Hold.


Yeah, we're just the worst to old people.


Always works for me.


Cool. Why are you guys so happy?


Oh, and he died in the Material Plane? (gulps) Oh shit.


I take out my hammer...


I'm judging you!


Can I use inspiration on that?


I know it's really terrible. I'm sorry that I did this, I hope you're okay.


Five, eight, 16.


I'm a bear and--


Can I understand what they're saying?


Yeah, I think they do.


I want you to inspire other people. 12.


Nine damage.


Just 'cause this thing's weird, first thing I'm gonna do is I'm going to hit it with a Sharpshooter with-- where's my runs? With a Deadeye. So I'm getting advantage on it and hitting with Sharpshooter. And let's see what happens.


I just thought about it. I closed my eyes and I started walking.


I'll take it.


They like to eat giants.


Well... debatable.


They make horrible noises.


Did I heal, as well?


I would imagine.


I'm a monstrous thing. That's a 12, 26, 36, 38, 40, including the enlarged and the necrotic.


Or if like you really want to put a mustache on a fucking statue.


I'm going to take that as a long time.


(deep voice) The Shrew.


No! No! Damn it Liam!


No, I think that's a fair price.


Greetings, time traveler.


I think it would be smart if we moved as quietly as possible.


Maybe we can just rip open its guts and then leave it.


Might be the only one, she--


The last syllable delivered that one.


That's so crazy.


Would you pick Kima?


Confirmed?!


Peter Dinklage is on my hall pass list.


It didn't appear to be one thing. Because it was harming the plant life around it. So it's not necessarily all connected, it seems. But it is also definitely not just a tree.


Does this ship have a grid printed on it or carved into it?


Can I Sentinel that bitch since I'm next to it? And it's attacking someone who's not me?


We have to have both.


Yeah, come on. For the very few times Kima gets to get shake the dust off.


All right. So I go in a rage, and I would like to try and continue climbing up the remainder of the distance to Umbrasyl.


Avantika's in the front? With you?


This is so fucking terrible. I'm so angry. (all laugh)


Yeah, they're so cute.


Okay. I'm going to throw open the door and just peek out the door and see what's up.


I'll light my hands on fire so that Vex can light her arrows on fire.


Yeah, do you like it? Thank you. It's a little metallic. Thank you, I bought it while I was waiting for--


Oh my god, this is the most amazing thing in the entire universe.


Let's... I trust you implicitly.


Checking for-- I checked for traps before, but I can't remember what I rolled. I'm sure it was successful.


It has to be nearby. Plane Shift is general. I pick an area, and it gambles where it's going to drop us.


Oh man. I guess the girls get to take advantage of the Skeletor shirts.


Okay, let me see if I get that crit. No, 18 though.


I've been paying very close attention and listening in to the hallway and trying to keep a very--


Nice try, Foster.


Two, plus whatever her initiative bonus is, which I don't know.


The mintiest.


Is she just standing there? Waiting for a guard?


But I can't do a range.


Punching the fuck out of rats.


Catch y'all on the flip.


I have made a tiny pinwheel. It spins. And it's made of metal.


With the succubus.


But wait, you can shoot him while he's on the ground! Can't you?


You mean like a big plant?


Nott the Stupid.


Oh, okay, well. What am I adding to it?


We could climb to the other side of the cart and try to balance it so the wheel comes up.


We all should've drunk more. It is no shame on you. I place my hand on the trapdoor--


It's literally never been a problem.


Oh wait, I thought you were going to Fjord. I'm sorry.


Seriously? That's so cool, thank you!


I'm staying inside the mansion for right now.


(distorted) Whoa!


Okay. Reckless!


She's doing you.


I'll take that bet!


Mr. Clay, this is "money" and you can use it to by things like goods or services.


Thank you. Nope. I let him out. Manners.


Is that now a leading plan?


I walk up behind.


Is she wearing a hat?


They may not know who we are.


We're keeping within Pass Without a Trace.


Fjord! Have I ever seen this happen to him before?


Let's go to the docks, you guys. Today.


You can't get to the ones at the back.


Yeah, I'm all right with that.


There's a piece of your threshold crest. (laughing and cheering)


Yeah, if that invitation was good and I have about, as she said, the next day, Caleb's going to pull an all-nighter. I'm going to spend time in a hotel room, an inn, and take the lucky rock and I'm going to fill it with transmutative power and make a Transmuter's Stone out of it, and for now we will have it let me see in the dark. For now. I would also transcribe every spell that was in the book and every scroll that I have found so that I use up all the paper that I have purchased. Have every spell. And Frumpkin is back. As a cat.


20 on the first.


Use your sword!


All right. Thank you for the offer. Good night, Caleb.


No, I did, yeah.


Wisdom, I think.


You guys always do throw the best parties, that's for sure.


And I don't want you ever dating an asshole.


Okay. I'm going to listen at the big wooden doors, and I rolled, oh, not that great. 17.


It's a translation, I think.


I've got a couple canisters of underwater breathing that nobody else has.


So if we win, you lose.


Roughly how far apart are those two?


Yeah, if you can! Do whatever you can! All I'm trying to do is get him to stay long enough for you guys to do something.


No, look, come on. They confided in us. The last thing we should do is turn on that just for a simple coin.


That's right, I remember when we were going in for multiplayer, it was like, we've got several members of Vox Machina as the multiplayer characters, which is pretty ridiculous.


I'm going to scramble up to the top of the building that I'm right next to.


That's what you said, actually. You said "you all showed up dressed for Ank'harel."


Where did you get that?


A half-circle, yeah, but is it stuck in the wall?


Wait, so now we need time?


Maybe there will be lunch meats down there and we can make a sandwich. (laughing)


Oh, shit. Upgrade!


I will cast Silent Image and project a small dwarf man, about 60 feet in front of us, with a beard made out of buttons and a pirate hat cocked to one side, and he's walking all prim and proper, like he owns the place. He's got a patch on his eye that's made out of a button! (laughter)


I do, but I can only cast that on myself.


QuickAscension!


Action and bonus action.


Maybe a second interrogation room and there's another room behind it, maybe?


The letter that mentions Marius LePual.


Just need to get Nott to higher ground.


Everybody give it up for Zed on drums! 24!


Fjord, ask him if knowledge of that water creature that was here and is gone now, if that is known all the way to the top, or is it his bag, or--


So I'm going to back up against the wall. I'm going to back to the wall of the-- Yeah.


If that isn't a beer-worthy story, I don't know what is.


I'm going to go to the desk.


No, it's not, it's really not.


Never believe it.


Yeah. (singing) I'm gonna, get get get you drunk. Get you love drunk on my humps. My humps, my humps--


Scanlan, no you're not.


Okay. Where's my d4? Plus two. Oh, that's good. That's a whole eight points.


She's really little.


Thank you for the advantage, Keyleth.


(singing) Who's got the third watch?


Do you think a Pass Without a Trace spell would be beneficial here?


I was helping.


(tongue waggling) We have to ask it some questions. (low monotone) What did this to you?


Just hers?


You know what's really cool to do at the end of the night actually that will make you be there for the sun coming up, is if you do four shots of firewater in a row.


Everybody talks about spontaneous combustion, but I'd never believed it.


Damn it! So he did think of that! He put that in his notes!


In front of Scanlan.


Cloaks, plural. Fucking 90 episodes later cloaks, cloaks, cloaks.


Here to help.


Did not think that was going to work.


That's a four, so.


Hey, guys. We can go to Syngorn whenever we want.


(gasps) Sylas.


What does the body look like?


It's the chalice dilemma.


16 for me.


Are we seeing sprays when he gets hit by these things, by the way?


Burn it.


We know those monsters, though. I took care of all those traps. Could someone remind me, because when The Gentleman looks at me I get a little bit-- yeah, you know, flippity-flee?


What is this word, "bougie?"


She's hitting him in the gooch.


Just hits. I'll roll the second one, well fuck. That's 12.


Oh! (giggles) Do I add anything else?


I'm actually going to wander the room.


Take that!


And I'm so grateful there is justice to be found in it, but it is not justice that I am motivated by. And I couldn't pretend it would be. I am so grateful there is justice in this. But even if there wasn't, I would still be here.


All right, but it's so hot. But I'll do it.


Ooh, a letterhead.


Almost! She shot off the penis.


I wave my hands and say I'll catch you, Kiki!


You know what? I don't want to get in there. Can I just--? Mm, yeah, boy.


That's a good start, man.


Yasha's going to stay on the ship.


How insane would it be to try and make a shot beneath his legs?


You shoot things with a gun, and it was a really cool script and stuff. I liked the story a lot.


Stay behind, and just take atmospheric notes, you know. Time of day, position of sun. Type of clouds. And if anyone tries to steal my stuff, describe them very well in the book.


She's not going to be happy with what she sees through Scanlan's. (laughter)


So we just painted it--


How much damage is it?


(laughing) Damn it. Son of a bitch.


The end of its turn it makes a save.


11 in addition to the--


If he's High-Richter.


Okay, I'd like to try and disarm.


Doty, don't do that. Doty, don't play that.


Okay. Good luck. And I'm going to think of the stone. I already put Trinket back in the necklace.


13. This isn't having to do with dragons? So it's 13.


That's a new one right? We haven't come up against that before.


All right, I'll come outside. Doty, get my armor ready. Spritz it!


If you're in the bazaar, do I have to be out of the city to cast Locate Creature?


We have to stick together.


Sickwizard  "Every kid should know how to read, I love Critical Role, Matt, feel free to TPK."


Oh, you want me to write it down.


No, I mean to, I'm sorry, I can't reduce the--


And then what happens?


Yeah, we should've, but we didn't, because we're idiots.


It said in the previous room, "the sky is a window." Does that pertain to this?


I summon my octopus back to my head.


Remember every 50 subscribers gets a free giveaway.


I could fly up and gently glide him down.


Because you... suck out the joy of all of us living around you, and you're so amazing.


So learning of the dragon, will it be able to detect us if we cast Invisibility?


There's shit going on, she wouldn't even have noticed me.


No, we should leave them.


Maybe this should wait till later?


Do you know the one who lives here?


(gasps) I love it.


The language of love.


Can I do a quick round of their pockets?


Are we transporting tonight? Why don't we chill for a night?


She's right next to you.


That's not going to be good.


Meat pies. Would your dad like a meat pie? I just hear people bring pies.


Should I be--


And see if Ren's a son of a bitch. Yeah.


Oh, he's here!


Did he say his eyes, the flayer's eyes, are what put people in trances, or their minds?


By the bones.


No, that's actually a pretty good plan.


So, do we say yes to this?


Why have you been locked up?


Oh. Sorry about the prison, then.


To one guy, and then it can hit up to three people within 30 feet.


Is that half of his movement?


I think that could be a very scary prospect.


Nott is up.


I'll open the Bag of Holding. And I'll take it out. Before I actually go over and speak, I'm going to turn to Scanlan and Vex. Is he the same person who pays us for the other--


You just get advantage.


Agreed. I think we all know The Ruby of the Sea far and wide. Think she'd miss you if you went missing?


Holy shit. Nice!


Can we very stealthily try to open - oh, check for traps!


It hits, probably. 24?


Answer this question I like, I saw it a couple times, how did you guys get involved in streaming for Geek & Sundry?


Fair enough. We can do that.


I'm just following behind. Behind Jester, by 30 feet or so.


A salt and pepper situation.


Can I hold on? Can I grab onto rope or anything? Or is that like an action?


Cool, I'm unconscious.


Pike is dead--


I don't believe him. Can I roll an insight check?


You know, I'm kind of sad I'm missing this tour with you guys, now.


Holy shit, Pumat! The fuck?!


Lorenzo?


My insight is 21.


I know, I got nothing. A nice nap. You can have the bed tonight and I'll sleep on the floor.


It's how I solve so many problems in my life. It's the solution to half our problems.


So 13 total halved, so seven?


Should we gear up and head down and kill a bunch of fish people?


Oh, man! Smoking is great. (laughter)


That's not poop, that's where I've had this circle.


How many others around here might we expect to have that same reaction towards you?


I have just a few ideas for ways that you guys could show your love for our sponsors. Take them out for a candlelit dinner. I'm not talking Bennigan's, I'm talking something high-end. Shake Shack, Outback, maybe even P.F. Chang's. How about sending some romantic texts to spice things up? Keep it classy, like: Hey, Critical Role Sponsor, I wish you could be with me right now. Or, I had a dream last night, and Critical Role Sponsor? You were in it. And hey, compliments always help. Critical Role Sponsor, do you have a map? 'Cause I'm getting lost in your eyes. Or: Hey, Critical Role Sponsor, of all the beautiful curves on your body, I'm most in love with your smile. Or even: Critical Role Sponsor, on a scale of one to ten, you're a nine, and I'm the one you need.


You don't want to see in there.


Because she is all kinds of trouble.


Don't accidentally turn it to fungus.


I'm just going to hold and anybody who gets too close-- I'm just going to take a shot at anything that gets too close.


Were you laughing to yourself last night? I just kept hearing giggling. It was obnoxious.


Yeah, will you - yeah. Okay. (all laugh)


Including burning an action?


Oh, look at that scar, it's beautiful.


That's fine. He's stunned?


At a level three.


Okay, I'm not very up to--


Nothing quite like googling '5e bats'.


He's alive. Let it go.


Like a back braid?


Sure, I've got it. We got 30 minutes, right?


If it were just the two of us, I'd say leave tonight, but--


What if that means it's just as hot underground?


By water or also on foot?


There was a dragon, there was some loot.


(high-pitched) My little, tiny dice.


Should you get-- should we tell him to get out of the city or fight with us?


I'm-- wait, 25 to 20? No.


The Mist.


Yeah. Why do you think I was trying to break that shit?


It's not even nearby, so it's not like we could ask people what the mine is like. It's 120 miles away.


I also have these. I take out two of his feathers that I grabbed. And I thought you could put this with the feathers in your hair, Vex and Keyleth, you could do something with this.


19 hits a wall!


Isn't that what Kima wanted?


Just really hates oaks.


What song?


He can regenerate?


My dex is two.


He's watching us.


Trying to make good choices. I will leave the pouch and draw the hand crossbow and run up a few stairs and then I will crouch down on my knee and hold my attack until someone is within sneak attack range.


We didn't really talk much last time. You were in your own space.


Oh. What's Caleb up to?


Whatcha doing over there, Johnson?


Yeah, but we've got Pass Without a Trace.


We went down and just--


I'm with Vex.


Yeah, that's my turn.


It's a pretty unremarkable Loch.


I'm going to hop through the window again. I'm going to cast Sunbeam.


It's a group whisper!


You brought him into this world.


Are the skeletons still behind us? Can we see them?


Oh my god, it totally is!


Oh right, am I like--?


I pull the full Riker hop over the chair. (laughter)


7 points?


See? Magic. (laughter)


Has he been a rakshasa the whole time? Wait, is it the rakshasa who's different? Is it not Gilmore? So many questions!


Doesn't mean assassins can't get inside a church.


Yeah, I thought it was good.


How do we do that? Sprigg!


Yeah, there's a way to do that.


I wasn't even in a brothel.


Yeah, you can’t really do anything.


Where else are you going to go?


That's the one that Kerr bear took.


Well, there's something under that.


Do you want me to shock 'em?


Is that a phrase, or does she actually mean she'll hold the bird down?


Was that affirmative or surprise?


Slow motion.


She's a clone.


Jeez. Well, I feel like we're not getting very far in the city.


For the moment?


I'll put it near the genie guy for now, because that's all I've seen.


That's true. Caleb, did you want to maybe look at some books before we leave?


I approach right next to Vax, as we move up. Scanlan. In Draconic I go, greetings and salutations, friend.


I'll join in, too.


I just want to make sure we're here for a full hour, though. I'm going to drink slowly.


Do I get advantage because of the spyglass?


It's a mantle, it only goes to here.


All right, I won't look.


I'm going to show Taliesin that these are, in fact, randomly shuffled cards. Can you please give the card deck a little cut anywhere you'd like. I'm going to look at this half of the card deck and it'll tell me what's in the other half of the card deck. Okay. I know, Taliesin, by looking at that, that the fourth card down is See Invisibility.


In diameter. But can I climb up to the balcony?


(laughs) As one does.


Yes, and usually I'm the cranky one.


And 30 for Trinket.


From rooftop to wall.


So, question? I asked if I could hit the eye. Did I hit the eye?


I mean, no tentacles are holding anything right now, right?


I was only stretching. No need to get testy.


Let's sit down and camp, and in the morning, we'll go and kill some pixies.


So dangerous.


Yeah, we’ve got eight of them. Maybe we should crack one on statue guy.


No, it was the guy with the nasty fucking beard.


Don't you worry. Fjord, kill him!


Sorry, 17.


Is it a candle, though? It's like a thing, like there's no--


Hey, that's a step up for us!


Yeah. What a giant waste.


It gets them to follow me.


Did you have trouble sleeping?


Wings on ice?


We should look for Claudia.


I think 72 hours is a perfectly reasonable amount of time to dedicate to this prospect.


Okay, first roll. Natural 20! [cheering]


Yeah. What's going to make him give us this thing anyway? Do we have anything to give him?


Not over Westruun.


My initiative can only be described as fecal.


One for each.


Also, Nott, I would not worry  the spookiest thing in this place is us.


And I say, your manners. Wave to Pike.


Now you know that neither Molly nor I shave our butt.


What about your... you know?


Well, that could've gone worse.


No, don't leave your dagger; it's your only one left.


Maybe lots?


--cantrips not--


If there's two of you and you could cast Haste on me, I'd take that over the flying creature.


I assume we've gotten to the library. I don't know.


That's not great for us.


And the means of travel is?


Ugh! I made six, six, one, one. So 14 points of damage.


That's true. That's true.


I'm going to lock eyes with Grog and motion him towards one side of the door, and I'm gonna take the other.


I don't have a better way around--


No, let's not. Let's not.


It's my cask of ale!


We will do everything in our power to watch it die.


I need to write this down before I forget it. So before the Smite, it's 44. And Jesus, I'm forgetting everything. 2d8 plus additional for undead which is 12, so 56, and how much extra for the undead, I can't remember. 1d8? 2d8?


Oh, it does work. Never mind, Pike. I love you.


Is there sign of blood in or around the fountain or in any of the grooves? I'm seeing if the blood makes it all the way down here.


It's pitch black? I have darkvision because of the transmutation stone.


I look at Grog, like what?


I think we have (cocks crossbow) a troll to find.


I will say in the meantime that I would, of course, have sent Frumpkin into the final room to know if we have cleared this place up here.


We are definitely staying out of any kind of visible sight of the giant meatball.


-- we spend a night on the ship.


Probably those eight miles you rode.


11. (dice rolling)


I mean, I'm not going to attack this thing if it hasn't attacked me yet, so I'm going to, eee.


Oh yes, we had one of those at our house.


What are we going to-- yeah, we need a go-to. What was going to be our blanket go-to? I'm not sure.


Okay. So you can see--


(sobbing) I've seen too much.


Leave it, leave it.


Would it enchant anything in animal form?


Tonight?


Yeah. I'll start there. Let's give it a shot. I love advantage; it's so wonderful. 32. I really should have done extra damage. So that's 1d10 plus six. That hits, obviously. 32 to hit?


Yes. I'm not gonna roll that, 'cause you've been-- I feel like that's yours. It landed on other dice. I'm gonna let it be there, though. Actually, yeah, it's 20.


Holy freaking half-elf!


Was that me trying to sneak one by?


Uh, 13 on my constitution saving throw.


I guess I go back to Caleb.


That's it, but how do I open the trapdoor now?


But as you're from this island, what wildlife can we expect to run into here?


We're not with the empire. We're private individuals just trying to get by. We wandered into a lot of chaos, so we just want to know what we're getting wrapped up in right now.


Hold on, everybody. Prepare for an amazing--


(laughing) Oh, really?


Did that athletics jump count as an action, I'm assuming?


I don't know why I'm like this. I slept real heavy, mm-kay? (laughter)


Then no, don't cast it.


Okay, so the one that fails takes 3d8 plus two bludgeoning damage, which is pretty good. 11, and he's flung 20 feet away. In a random direction.


Jester and I do a quick scan to see if we can find the broken blade.


All right. Do we need to scout up? How far to the mountaintop?


You got to know where to look.


Yes, Jumanji Costco, clear as day.


Yeah, insight check that money.


Should we pay another month?


17 on the second one. And 17 on the second one.


And with beauty.


How far is Caleb behind me?


I reach over and I take out my greataxe and I aim it for her neck.


This is an equal opportunity ship.


The TDs are prepared to play it again if we so choose.


Head that way. Does it look like those chains are feeding it?


You got to the circus from that, how?


That would be fucked up, if you used that as your exit. Wait, where-- what do you mean Ashley left?


We do need to discuss this.


Why do you have molasses? This is suddenly very exciting.


Yeah, that's what I do. Is it stupid or something?


Fuck you! (laughter)


Yeah. Just want to be fancy. I lean that way but, you know. Cannot speak for other people.


BAFTA nominee Ashly Burch.


Yeah, the tree doesn't know it's being spied on.


This is how they clean the room.


Laduguer.


Damn it.


Did he move away?


You haven't heard the word nergaliid?


I’m going to window shop, then! Thank you.


I'll be right there, I was trying to get the rest of the party here, but everyone's being buttholes. I fly back down with the carpet.


Honestly, it's very cute.


Zahra, Kash.


You still have Guidance.


Anything would be helpful right now.


No, I'm talking about actual money that you can buy things with. I bought Doty a pair of boots.


That's all I wanted, really. Just cheer him on, maybe have a little better counterweight for my expectation of the Deck, but now I just want to pull one every day. Nothing but good shit happens! Magic weapon! Fucking Wishes!


That was not a trial!


No shit!


With advantage? 20.


Yeah, if we can flank him, that'd be great!


I heard tell there was a button ship that crashed right along the water.


I did kill a dragon. Huzzah.


Instead of choosing a creature. But I could try and scry on Tary again and get a nearby tree?


Yeah. I take care of what I need to take care of, I think a calm life on the water would suit me just fine.


It's fine. (laughs)


There's other things, too.


(shouting) Insight check! Insight check on Taliesin! Insight check!


Well, no. I can only Plane Shift us on this plane by basically hacking the spell because the mansion is another plane of existence. So I can't Plane Shift us on this plane. I have to plane to another plane.


I would know how the spell-- I'm going to get as much movement as I can and then hold for the turn.


I just plan to vomit every week. At least once.


I've never been up this way before.


What sort of thing?


So it's an active volcano that we're diving into?


Yes, of course. Yeah. (clears throat)


What's B?


Want me to go knock, or you?


So you can do Dispel Magic?


I don't know, look at this. Look at how much money is up here compared to elsewhere. This is a lot of control.


It's a Lawful Evil dimension. If he wants his boss dead, that means that there's going to be someone else above him. If we kill one guy, who's all going to want to kill us?


But you might know some folks who could help us.


And that's 23 points of damage. And that's all she wrote.


It's been there for a while.


It was a great roll. And the second one is pretty big. 34 minus five is 29.


What about just a location and she has to stay unseen? You know, I know Keyleth can scry and stuff but--


22, I mean.


You guys are going to have three horses and then two riders.


I am good for something.


Wow, this is the longest--


But they use potions. I've seen them use potions.


Are you trying to grave rob right now?


I don't intend to. But you know, I was just inside a--


You deserved that.


Thank you. I couldn't have done it without your help and training, so I appreciate that.


Did you ever eat a little child, Nott?


What is that? That's major.


Tell me. You know!


A lot of adventure, a lot of D&D. It's great.


Not for another week!


Right now?


Yeah, food. It's the circle of life.


Will you be able to get us back here, though?


Oh, I'll give you a Blessing of the Trickster.


I think his exact words is, "Is this for us?" (all laugh)


No Sharpshooter. That's 26 to hit.


He had a lovely beard!


And use Dust of Tracelessness as we run out the door, so they don't follow us.


Yeah, I'll look.


So much sass.


Should we try to push him in the water?


Matt's verifying.


We brought a gun to a tree-fight. (All laugh.)


Oh my god, it's her tits! It's her tits!


I say, at the end of all this, we all pick one.


All right, boots click, uh, I am hanging back behind-- is Trinket out still?


Go Tarv, go Tarv.


Is this like party hopping at Comic Con?


Oh, I rolled a ten.


I want to see as much as I can do in that amount of time before anybody comes back.


I think I got one.


I'm going to run towards-- I'm in combat with it. It gets an attack of opportunity if I run, doesn't it? I'm going to steady myself and prepare for another attack.


There's no way to prepare, you just have to hit your face against the wall a couple of times, then it starts to feel normal-ish.


Hey, that stuff, right, that normal people have. Can I have like, a little plate of it?


Your wand gives a plus one to spell attacks and shit.


All right. So, what? First step is the most important one, right?


So the gods can't get in and out.


I guess. Are we wind walking there?


I'm pretty sure he's immune to most kinds of damage.


(chanting) Yasha! Yasha!


You have a lot of explaining to do!


Just dive in then?


Yes, I know. I think this is the first time I've said this, ever. Maybe I'll try what Scanlan says and I'll turn into a rock elemental and just bamf in there and see if there's anything good, and if it's bad, I'll just run out and make a rock wall.


Well, because it's got goat, fish, beef, and pork in it I'm going to call it the GoFiBePo.


A censer?


You want an offering, you can have mine.


If this works.


I think we need to go over the top, once the distraction is in the city, blah blah blah. Go over the top, acid that metal, break it apart.


Yeah, I was going to say, we're in it. This is a fight. So anything you want to do now, do it.


I'm going to get the map.


Where is Jester standing?


Follow it.


I don't want the Stinking Cloud to move. All right, he's right on us, he's got a legendary action. This is not good. Okay, I will reintroduce him to Bigby's Hand, (singing) Bigby's Hand! And I'm going to use it as an-- Ugh, so weak! Interposing Hand.


No! I don't want it to die!


Tiberius. Shh.


Oh, Pike, thanks.


This is fun. You swing back and forth. Grog, I think you might like this!


Intentionally late.


Awesome. I wind it up like a towel and I smack Vax on the ass super hard.


What are these books? What does it mean? We don't know. We'll find out.


Are we now going to go and sleep and properly sleep?


I have little ginger chews, if anybody wants one.


We're learning so much tonight! God!


And what was it? 13 damage?


That's good. 32.


In character, in character. You know, elfs going to elf, and there's no getting around that, so.


We have a wagon.


Oi, excuse me? My papa sent me to send a present, a gift of sorts, to a Sir Keri? Kurion?


I mean. Eight points of healing.


Exist, cool. Everything seems great.


But still with the black. You're not giving that up.


Oh. Disparage the dead's name so that when people--


Nope. Nope.


And we're peaced out again.


I don't have any persuasion. I don't know why--


We need to get out of this room, then.


I'm going to stay and help build.


You would be like our boss. Have you ever wanted to be a boss? Like, in charge?


I'm going to head up top. Also, in the fight, I'll be more use from a distance anyway.


I just rolled a natural 20.


Fjord, do you want us to look like anything along with you, or should we just look like ourselves?


I know. 14 on the second one.


No, they make, like, ale.


(whispers) They don't have an airplane.


Because if we take him down into the Evening Nip with us then they're going to want to do the whole "Let me take your blood!" thing and "You weren't here," and "Who the fuck are you?" and all that shit.


That was part of our crew. Part of the Squalleater.


I think I'm going to name him Lockheed.


Well, hold on. 19.


Yeah, so I say myself and my two brave warriors who are so far frontal, Mrs. and Mrs.?


I was a very studious child. He cheated off my tests all the time. I was incredibly studious.


All right, I will make the figure think that his crow's nest has caught fire, and there are little flames licking around, creeping up the sides of it, and surrounding it.


A cook-off, that is true. It could be.


So, bridge to land, and then a tunnel.


I mean, yes. I'm assuming that's his attack, or was that his move?


Jump out!


Wait. More. No, that's right. 22.


You may have already told me, I don't know.


Give or take. How many people are listening in on this clearly right now?


Still one more question.


A shark stealth. Stealth shark.


Thank you. Kord's strength to you.


With True Polymorph?


Has your brother gotten back to you yet?


Welcome back, even though we didn't know you were gone. I've eaten. The rest of us have eaten --


See if I ever do anything nice for you again! Jeez!


How many of us are uncomfortable hearing that word?


That's true! Never mind.


You're going to love it.


Checking the bottom of my shoes, like What did we step in? Why is it--?


I absentmindedly babble about what I think this thing can do. It's very incoherent.


That's 100% true. She put it on her resume when she applied here, and I was super appreciative of it.


Oh! Well, seems-- and food is included, I'm assuming.


Which one is talking?


I don't want to fight anymore before we get to whatever it is that we're getting to.


What'd she get?


And make fun of our DM.


I mean, D&D Beyond.


Trying to wrangle a beast?


No! Combat wild shape.


Oh no! But Claudia, I really like you.


Well fucking done, man! Well fucking done!


Yeah, I'm going to--


We're Alive just came out on Project Alpha with the amazing horror aficionado Ivan Van Norman. It's awesome. It's based off of the "We're Alive" podcast; it's "We're Alive: Frontier." It's, oh man, you guys have to go watch it. Next week is the first episode of my new show with Mr. Matt Key: Key Question! That's on Tuesday.


Yeah. So I'm going to cast Hail of Thorns on the dragon.


Yeah, you have it, too. You're a half-elf.


Campaign three, next week.


Someone asked if given the chance, would we like to do a live game at a convention like Acquisition Inc.? I'd like to do, although there's nine of us, so that'd be kind of--


She just slipped.


You should put on the robe. Did you put on the robe? I can help you put on the robe.


Okay. That was, I wouldn't say hellish.


I feel good about it. I feel like it's a terrible idea.


It's awesome, yeah.


Without being seen.


Bag of Holding. It doesn't hurt my hand, or anything, does it?


To be fair, I'm not really looking very much.


1200. Which came to 36?


That really zigged when I thought it was going to zag.


Just like, fwoomp, towards him. Over him, away from him.


I'm going to block the secret passage. I'm going to shift some furniture.


We'll make our way up to the docks where the wharfmaster is, which is a separate docks from where--


It's called a moonhammer. Yeah.


I call out to it. Sondur! Sondur, hear us! We are your devotees! We have come to pay homage and respect to you. We follow your ways and your teachings.


Then can I use dash to go the rest of the way?


Yes. 21.


We would like to rage.


Well, one of them fell the roof.


Is it a surprise at this point, or no? Is it blown?


Long time ago.


I don't think he's telling the truth.


We do really good things most of the time, though.


First one is 15.


I start chatting up the guards on the outside of the door to distract them a little bit.


Yeah, and I have two stored in there.


As legendary as your ball-handling skills are--


Are we killing these?


Oh, well, technically, I have to shove this one to Liam and Taliesin, as well.


All right, that's not that great. That's a 17.


Aasimar, I hardly knew her! It would be way better if she were here. Hey, I've got one. How many tortles does it take to screw in a lightbulb? (silence)


All right. All right.


Including fire damage.


Let's break the temple. Clarota?


Matthew is the Whispered One.


Fail, so she is restrained, and then I'm going to run, and I'm going to use my Mantle of the Tempest to jump, and then trying to be dope, here, in mid-air, I'm going to change into an earth elemental and try and grab onto the bone dragon and see if I can snap his neck in the process. Grapple the bone dragon's head.


All right, all in favor of going to Marquet to find a Vestige that will maybe give us some more power that we need to kill a dragon, say aye!


Hey! So?


I don't know. I mean, it might be a coincidence.


And as I morph into Minxy form, I take the dead body that's on top of me and just pick it up with my mouth.


I'm of child bearing age. So I'm about somewhere between six and nine.


No, that was Oralan. Ukurat's the lycan leader.


I'll give you all dice before we go in.


I'd like to stand up.


I'll take you to the library as soon as I get my payment. Drinks?


Just adding your wisdom?


So we can make more, and plus, it's giving faith in our friend.


Well, I suppose a blind man does put his gold in his back pocket pretty discreetly, actually. He doesn't have to look at it.


Pleasure is mine.


Okay, I'm going to do the twins next. Probably go a little wider because these will be side-by-side, all right? So you can really get the artistry. Okay, here they are.


That makes sense an hour from now when I get punished in the loo.


Hop, hop. I sit down.


I’m sorry. Me don’t know how. Six, sorry. Five plus four is nine damage.


Like, "Come at me, bro?"


Nein-teen.


Will it keep going?


Are we running back to the lycans or to the Shademirk?


You did a good job the first time, let's take it up again.


Oh sure.


She might actually cry.


She's trying to convert! Get the leaflet.


Like a small Morticia Addams.


Hey, Febron! Don't go too far. There's a troll back there.


--your eyes start to bleed.


Nothing like a bar with "withered" in the name.


They're diving into the city?


Fair enough. I just stare at him.


Everybody else!


That's fucking great.


