Is there a place I can duck away for a second, or is there a--


That's a 21 to hit.


You know that shit will fucking kill you, right?


Yeah, at the break you were talking about how badly you wanted to kill things.


(gasps) Critters!


Well, there's no drugs.


Are you allowed to talk about it? Tell us about it!


Ooh, 16.


Oh, hello Laura! You look so pretty!


Can I try sleight of hand and just try to make that into Wangstacker?


Indeed. This person that seemed to have shown you the light, did you try to track them down? Do you know anything about them or where they might be? They would seem to be very useful in our current situation.


It was good, it was good.


I get asked for personal quotes all the time.


Which dice? Green dice.


I'm losing a couple of things here and there, no offense.


That makes perfect sense. I'm going to Hunter's Mark the one that looks the strongest.


That would be really, really shit if he did that.


I won't. I'm going to hold it like this, and then the blade-- this is how I do it. I hold it, and then I whoosh, you know?


DM says what?


Actually, I'm going to jump off the roof and rush over to Scanlan.


There's really not much I can do here, so I'm going to--


Yes, and brave.


Would you mind terribly if I maybe went out to the street and picked a fight?


Into the eyeballs!


Make your life a little easier because I can keep disadvantage for your turn.


First of all, that was cool. And this was cool!


All the trees are down.


Whatever. It's, you know, it's my special place where I like to come and think about philosophy and life.


And then doing what? They're just going to be sitting there! They're going to be sitting ducks!


Disadvantage or no?


No, she's telling him now. Today. We told her to wait.


Ugh, no! It went in my mouth! (Travis laughs)


I don't know if I have it prepared, though.


Oh, with Percy.


Yes. Collect our money.


No, I don't think it's the name of the town.


Around the edge of-- without getting hit, without me leaving his melee.


That's okay because we got two ears off of all the other ones.


I can, too. I've got my belt of dwarven darkvision.


We'll stand.


Manners.


20. Not a natural 20, but 19 plus one.


All right. Next time.


They're just going to be eaten, though! They're just horses.


Double-birds.


Sword, sheath, black boots, yup.


I've got an idea. I'm going to start rocking upstairs.


And I have Gnome Cunning, so I get to-- I get advantage on wisdom checks.


Do we see any rats down here?


The marble of death?


Is this a joke?


No, let’s say two of them.


Respectfully, Kas, I had a few questions because I am on board to satisfy your maniacal desires to fuck up Vecna and all that he stands for, right? Oh no, Kas?


I hadn't even thought about that.


Do we have an escape route if we need it?


Radius? 15 feet?


It might help, you know--


No, we're seeing to different bits of business. I turn back to him, I walk forward with hands out. I walk up to him, take him by the head, give him a good European-style kiss just about here-- right there-- come back, and say, there is so much to talk about. Where can we be alone?


Tracks. Footprints.


They're splatted.


You're just going to waste your attempt in here.


15 didn't? Did you try to shoot it?


I'll release him and you do your business, all right? Manners.


12 and then, help me numbers, that's--


It's just fire.


It could be an unrelated seismic event.


Also in that role, if any Critters are in the Galveston area for Halloween, I will be at OniCon over Halloween weekend. So, you can come say hi in beautiful Galveston by the sea. Galveston, Texas.


Well, when do we want to be at the trap? Dawn?


You know, I know it's actually about 11 37, so we're not quite there yet. By the position of the sun.


Was that you saying you're willing to kill people and put them in the ground to make compost?!


Well, I have this new spell that the Traveler was telling me about. It lets you pop in somewhere. You can just pop in and then you can bring somebody with you. It's like a doorway.


Wait, did you say it fell into the hole?


Yes. Yes, we should. I can take him some in my pockets.


Goals?


Maybe I drink too much. I'm not sure. This is really nice.


Yes, very well. And then we'll go back to-- I'll choose Emon.


I'm a hoarder. I need more toy cars. I don't have enough screws!


Like swap creatures?


29! 29!


You're going to chop down a tree? Grog, Keyleth picked a flower and the entire world ended.


It's also the air druid you've been travelling with. Uses a lot of lightning. (coughs)


I hop on the flying carpet.


No, I don't. That is a 29.


(pants)


As we move through the streets, I just want to trail behind Vax and take a look at if anyone's reacting to him unusually, or taking notice of him.


Bless you again.


No, I don’t know why, but -


We were hearing very weird things from the other end of that ear piece


(whines worriedly)


Disadvantage on all attack rolls?


I guess so. I'm just trying to make sense of all this still. I feel like-- I had some visions of home that made me very happy and sad at the same time, but it must all mean something.


Keep it going, Keyleth. Just mug down with him.


It's magical. Possibly.


Yeah. I want to track down Kynan for a minute.


I'm apparently Lucien from two years ago. From two years ago. It's Lucien, remember? It's been ages!


Strength check or strength save?


Yeah, put it on, fucker.


It just sounded fancy.


And now that cameo's being edited out.


Who's still alive? All of us, but Vax and Taryon?


Here's the thing  are we going to remove the mention of you from the book?


It's just trying to get a feel for the friends that are in its space.


Right. No, but I remember this, we dealt with this with the demon that killed Pike.


So we rest and then we go hunting? Or do we try and rally allies?


For clarification, does this count as turns, or are they, since they're coming late to the party, or this is just them in position?


Backblaze is back, everybody. I've already composed a song about it. It goes like this: (singing) Everybody, yeah. Backup your data, yeah. Upload your local files to an encrypted cloud-based backup storage system, yeah. Backblaze back, all right! (speaking) That was good!


In this moment?


They probably all have much higher-- they're going to have initiative up the wazoo, so I'm going to-- okay, no. I'm going to pull the big gun out again, give it a reload and give it a shot right at Ripley. I've got the Hex on her.


Then maybe I'll keep it now, and then I'll come back tomorrow night and we'll do this again.


I can live with that.


So juicy.


There is this thing for seasickness, with seaweed--


Yeah, she hates us.


We're here to see Mama.


You calm down.


Giving out crates?


It could help!


He's being honest!


And super different than five seconds ago when you said we should just let him go.


Wait, are you dead, Grog?


Do you know how far off we are from it now?


I pull out the Spire of Conflux and hand it to her. We retrieved this in our spoils. You may recognize it as one of the Vestiges that we spoke of earlier.


Okay. What if you cast Featherfall on it as, right when we did it, and then we can move it out of the way?


Immortalize our shitheadedness, that'd be good.


Yeah, it's laughing in the Bag of Holding.


Maybe in '89, I might have been.


Did the goliath--


And then I'm backing out a little bit.


It didn't seem like the whole thing was on fire.


You're a gnome, right?


Holy shit, that's awesome!


Yes. That bearded, hooded gentleman at the end of the fight, yeah?


No, I had a--


You're welcome. And... it's the lovely thing about a title, and I had one to give, is that it's, when used appropriately and properly, it's mostly there to remind you you don't really need it.


Yeah. I like her.


I hold up a beautiful elegant note that I show in my hand and put it in my breast pocket.


Well, I have an idea. Tooma told us that they bring animals to hunt. We could be one of those animals and draw it to a certain spot.


Witch Bolt. Fucking Witch Bolt.


All right. I guess that's what I'll ask it, then, because that's all I can ask.


I'll take this.


Okay. I'm going to walk in a little bit. Are there any on the ceiling?


Yeah, I don't feel doing that. Maybe you should just go upstairs.


We've managed to enter relatively quietly. I think if we can maintain a certain level of anonymity, we can acquire some decent knowledge. Meet back here in a little while and share?


That's an improvement. That's nice.


What's in the pouches?


It wasn't fair, last week. It wasn't fair to you. And I'm sorry.


Don't we have the neck rings, the collars, to mock that we're--


Yeah. Let the big guy play.


--I swear, but thank you, and I'm ready to help with this.


We double dash back to the Tap.


I don't know if we're very far. I don't think we're very far away.


I'll give five gold. Five silver, I mean. I'm so sorry.


You don't say it, you have to write it down?


I have a feeling.


Okay, Dad. Thank-- okay.


I'll ask. He might just say no.


I have read many books.


What's it made of? Obsidian?


We don't know; Vecna could still see in here.


That explains so much.


I hear a whole bunch of commotion, so I'm going to pop my head up out of the hole and see what the fuck is going on.


Same for me.


I am listening intently and feeling through as many pockets as I can find around me.


He sure is the coolest, everyone should worship him, he's the best guy around.


Yeah, an ogre comes up to his waist.


How do you know I'm not doing it in my room?


Good point. Hey now.


I don't know, I'm just asking you guys.


I'm having Vex be like, tell me where it is. Can I prepare it so as soon as I poke my head in, I can be like (dink)!


I opened the box. This is the paintbrush and the ink.


That's not possible. 25.


Speak up, girl! I can't hear you. MATT "I'm sorry, miss! I'm sorry. I'm Jordana Whisk. I'm Simon's daughter."


I want to take some gunpowder and basically--


Yep, you're at one.


Plus! Plus War God's Blessing?


Thank you for doing the math for me.


Very waist cinching. Skirt.


Actually, if you could just help load it onto the ship, that would be lovely.


We don't even know where you are, really.


I got it, (vomiting).


Please write it down.


Are there doors in this main-- it's like a foyer?


Maybe your mother's still here?


What? And I turn around and the ocean is still where it was, behind us? Pike.


Uh-huh. Cool.


Oh no, she's not proficient.


Kiki, that was really, really stupid. I put my hands on both sides of her face and cast Cure Wounds at 4th level. Oh, no! At 3rd level, because I used Grasping Vine last time.


That's 27.


What? What! What! What!


We'll leave dinner on the stove for you.


And what weekend is New York Comic Con?


I'll take the contract.


I don't know if that's something Frumpkin can do, unless, Nott, you just wanna go in there and go kamikaze.


Let's take a nap. We'll just coast here. Can we coast? Do we have an anchor? Can we anchor?


Do I know anything? MATT This is not your specialty. You haven't dealt with the Grey Hunt personally, and this is not ringing a bell.


What? Oh, you phony.


Oh, he's wearing a disguise! Yes.


Or in your nose!


No. Dang it!


They're not with us.


No, never!


Like maybe to a museum or something.


Where's Febron's nasty body?


No, we, he's still got them.


Jester, can I make you a plate?


Everyone has such a problem with optimism.


And then throw a dagger past Grog at him. For-- not that great. 19.


Oh, right. 33.


Profit suits you well.


I'm afraid of what blood will do to that thing.


Like five percent.


Oh, please. Oh, please.


Well, hopefully I never have to open this.


The city--


I like you, Desmond. I think you're great.


So. Oh, okay. So 17 and 22.


You wanted to?


I wouldn't say pampered. All right?


And I'm going to Hunter's Mark him! And I'm going to hit him! I'm going to try, at least.


You know, that's probably agitating the issue. Let's go to the docks.


Going in the door.


Damn. My athletics versus his? Judo?


No, very specifically they don't.


Well, you said we need supplies right?


She can drink most people under the table.


Pulled that shit out at the last minute.


I thought you were naked.


(counting) 13.


Next charity drive we have you could auction a few.


It's a mansion! We could eat somewhere else.


Oh! All right, okay, yeah. Sorry. No, I'm good, I'm good.


When are you going to do a tattoo on me?


(fwoosh)


It's like a weasel on your leg.


Sam, you look different tonight.


That's something we're going to have to Restoration away.


Well, I dunno, I'm doing the Earth Glide, so-- Oh! 30 feet? Do I make it?


And he doesn't even smile at all.


15. Because I said Great Weapon Master, it's minus five.


Well, I can do that, I'm going to do one more attempt to do a Devil's Tongue.


I'm hanging myself. Where's the bridge?


I'm the help.


I'm going to go ahead and cast Enhance Ability on myself before I do that, and give myself... extra wisdom.


Who did you make the promise to?


Nope, it's just a live show thing.


Let's see what happens.


See you in 20 minutes.


I think-- I disagree with that, I think we'll absolutely have opportunities to have an army. And I think that if we call upon the Herd later for something like this, maybe we can get them-- I don't know.


Tell us about-- oh, sorry.


(counting) 16 points of lightning damage.


Rooms are all upstairs. There's individual rooms for all of us. Mine is at the end of the hallway, and is slightly bigger than the rest. You will find comfortable beds and things in every room. The two rooms next to mine are reserved--


We've got a box of stuff coming right for you right now. Thank you.


Gotta learn to read those haikus.


Oh, Fitz. Tick tock, tick tock.


With our army of fucking Draconians and our ice thing that we've shaped into some sort of a trap.


I think we should take the skull and show it to someone who might know what it is.


I break into a cold sweat, thinking about the desert and this armor. Oh shit.


In you go, buddy. Hold on to my hand, please.


So relaxed.


Yeah! First attack, second attack!


Yeah, so do I.


Do you have, like, a racial advantage to find a place like this?


And then head back to Whitestone. I mean-- Oh, no, we're fine in here.


Will that do?


Completely obsessed with it.


We didn't bind her?


Welcome to The Mighty Nein!


It's a bonus action?!


I was thinking some carnival masks, from the other direction.


Seven seconds at a time, yeah. I think I still have the video of you trying to woo the nymph lady.


Just wait ten god damn minutes.


Oh, I'm sorry, 30.


"The plan is moving up to tomorrow night, at the festival."


But you're still alive!


A sign of your victory.


You learn from the best.


Ter the dercks!


It doesn't hit. It's 12.


I'm so sorry for doing that to you. It was really unfair.


Yeah. (satisfied laugh)


Did she just yawn?


We had more.


How about this? I'll take it, and I can just carry you to your seat.


I'm going to stay down where it was and cast Mending as much as possible.


How did they get down there?


She seems rad.


4th-level Counterspell. Were you saying something?


I might use your inspiration on this.


Oh sure, because he has to do a display to get followers.


Fuck me. Fucking animals. Why did I do this? Oh no. Six. Fuck that die.


We also have to go around town and, forgive me if I'm going too far with your plan here, but aren't we trying to win allies among the people?


I thought you and I-- I asked...


I thought he just got what I got. Crap.


Which is going to be a major fail because Trinket is the dumbest. (laughter)


Would it work?


Here. I pay him. How much is it?


(laughing) Right out of the gate?!


Yeah. Looks to be a little better. Darn it, yeah. I'm going to use my action to--


Work on your war face.


Oh, it's so cute.


That was fun, let's go.


Patient Defense? Can I do that?


We'll be like UFO's.


Against my AC?


I'm going to Batman.


But let's be clear, we're going to eliminate the problem.


All right, so you are all apologizing for not trusting Caleb's judgment.


Where is Vasa?


Is it possible to turn us into water elementals?


We would've platinumed.


What the-- Oh.


I'm keeping the jewelry box, 'cause I want it.


I can try and scry inside the cavern.


And what are we going to do if we find them?


There's the Hunter's Mark. Five Hunter's Mark. That's the first attack, and the second attack at disadvantage is 19?


Wait, leave it on, because you kind of look like Estelle Getty. (laughter)


I twist it around a little. Play with it. This is nice.


I gave it a little bit of a rub.


No, don't check the fur.


Intercourse.


No, I want to look pretty.


Yeah, quad.


Could we see the debt or was it magic?


Yeah... anyway.


I forgot you can't count.


Okay. I just kind of squeeze his hand.


And the carpet?


That does not-- oh, do I still have some cover?


Hey, flower girl!


Wait. Simon is technically a magical item, so I don't think he would be harmed by anything going on in there, so why don't we give it five minutes?


(counts quietly) 38, for the one dagger.


Do you get an attack because he's flying by you?


I can't wear my glasses, I'm going to hit something and I'm just going to bleed everywhere


I think I got shit in my pants. Can I visit the bathroom real quick? I don't want it running down my thighs and stuff.


So let's start, can I do ten including this archer, ten?


How many heads did we go through? I think we went through-- I'm sure CritRoleStats knows.


Because I think this may speak to a larger issue amongst us that maybe you are the canary in the coal mine, here.


Thanks, Taliesin.


I take the insults and I wait 'til they all march on.


Who do you serve?


How tall is the wall? How would I be able to get on the wall?


Yeah, too much to drink, probably.


What about their acidic venom situation, their venom sacs?


He's pulling up his spells.


I put Stone Shape in my Ring of Holding last night with my unused spells. I meant to tell you that last night.


Just go steal from rich people.


They were a little squirrely.


Point. Oh. That is pretty far west.


Can I see any stairs carved in the side, in the walls, trying to head up to this-- is that what you just checked?


Dysology?


Ow. Quick question. Sorry, I kept something from falling in the shop-- really quick reflexes-- it's making my bits tingle. Do you have anything for that?


There we go.


Yeah, this is true.


If we're all good--


(laughs) I like Johnny Kraghammer.


Just go ahead and dunk on everybody, why don't you?


Oh, I do.


What do you mean it's been 17 years, Pumat? What do you mean?


Are there clusters of seamen around you at all times?


Pike's got us covered. Right, Pike?


Have Vox Machina been happy?


Okay, look, they're fine, they might be covered in beer, we don't really need to go back for them.


Go back inside the room!


It lasts a while.


Yeah, actually, Max or Ryan, is there stipulations on the shirt?


All of a sudden, my bosom comes flying out.


Oh, no, no, no!


Not too close.


Can we take it with us fairly easily?


Can I go take a look around? Do I see Zeenoth anywhere?


It would stay there, yeah.


Pelor mentioned something about the Prime Trammels?


I really wanted to ask. What does peeing on a lemon tree have to do with anything?


What about if I trade you, what if I trade you--


So we're all up there now?


I'm assuming it's for rituals.


(crossbow locking)


And yeah, go check out all of our playlists.


Yeah, I have shit to do as well, party animals.


We're still not safe stealthy.


Oh. Right.


I'll be fine, I promise. Just, I guess, Scanlan.


I think he's really cute. He sounds really cute. He can probably hear me right now. I'm so embarrassed! (laughter)


Jester, are you all right?


You got glitter-bombed with holy goodness.


I can't.


I cast Spare the Dying.


Way to be Fonzies.


Maybe not looking exactly like one of them, but like them in a uniform.


Cold as ice.


Just can't help herself, I guess.


Sorry, my impulsiveness was starting to catch up again. I just want to be honest. (sighs) Doesn't seem like there's a trap, Nott, right? We seem to be by ourselves, at least up here.


Like to make the jump? Do you want to jump off of Yasha or anything?


So I'm supposed to bring back some sort of trophy, then? That would be good?


Yeah, because it's a hit point sponge.


We'll very much like to perhaps make a deal with you, that we'll bring you objects of arcane nature for a discount on your wares.


Are you being careful up there?


I would like on one wall to carve the names of every survivor who stayed in the city. And on the other wall start--


What is this bullshit, no ale?


Yeah, give us a minute. I am going to rifle through the dude's pockets and go through the guy we just killed's stuff.


No, but Lord Big Badass is going to help us.


Cool. Right hand does-- oh, sweet.


That won't do anything.


Does it look to be natural, done by an animal? Or does it look like people with weapons?


We're still out in the open?


That is a 25. Can I hold my last action?


And this is where the plan falls apart.


Hey, dungeon master? Asking as the dungeon master.


The dead one or the one we knocked out?


There's no pencil smudges.


Give a little hello.


Just leave. Let's leave. Stealth it out? Stealthy out-ie?


Knock knock knock.


You have a way of taking our backstories that we think we've created and then just flipping it on us.


I leave two gold on the counter before I leave. For you no matter what, but if you tell me what it is, I promise I won't tell the rest of them. I just want to lord it over them.


Sorry, we're not supposed to go to the embassy. We were told so by our tour guide.


Tibber-hoods, do you have any fireballs left in you?


Deez dice.


Maybe we should let Keyleth explain where the flying carpet went.


Just, hug me.


Oh wait, it's me.


Yeah, I've been talking about it in my Twitter account, and I do occasionally Twitch stream, too, and I throw up the link there as well.


That lets me glide through earth. It doesn't let me tunnel. I can do a Move Earth spell.


Or somewhere.


I'm going to show off an image from inside the book. This is the standard, by the way. Matteo Scalera, an artist that I fell in love with reading the Black Science comic book. He's fucking amazing and the cover is--


I can, well. I have really good perception, so. I can go down and see if I can find an opening that you guys didn't see yesterday.


(tearfully) Doty killed two guards. He just killed them. They're dead.


My itch has been scratched.


Fucking dick, he deserves it.


Don't kill him.


Does that seems safe to you?


I have so little that I can do.


You were drinking our tea?


What are you reading? How did you even know that?


If he were a black crow or something he could fly back on its own. A moth can't travel a mile.


What's the story of The Shrew?


You'll find out.


Yeah. Add wisdom right?


I think we are, who knows what this will lead to.


Drinks is a great idea.


Don't 'what?' me.


Jesus. I mean, I wrote down crazy things, but it says at level four, roll plus five, versus ten plus level. I don't even know what that means!


No, I don't trust it anywhere out of our sight.


How long did it take us to get to this point?


I'm shaking more than normal. Oh, that's good. Oh shit. That's really good.


There is Percy!


Just because we're banished doesn't mean we're never going back.


Maybe start the trip with us?


Then I'm going to Toll the Dead. Wisdom.


Bless. Shaun! It was an honor knowing you.


I could pick them all. I just need time.


Shouldn't we see him fight first?


Oh. Well, still.


I'm drinking out of your mug.


Just really infected rats.


Just point. Caleb will know the direction.


18? Thank you.


Come to The Mistake in the Open Quay.


He said whoever read it had to be careful.


Okay. I'll pass my weapons out this turn.


We've got lamplight on the streets to varying degree.


I heard something.


A lot of stuff for Matt.


We’ll take it all.


This could be cool.


Do we need a ship right now, darling? I understand the joy in it.


Is it about your feelings about Vax? Is that the whole problem right now?


Was it 1000 feet?


And the third is?


I'm getting out of the cart.


You have just been Hasted, and I am going to move along the wall this way away from the enemies that I think I can detect.


Is this a custom?


Yeah. It's druid magic. It's great.


I'm shouting  The way is clear!


Look at him. He's so cute.


No, it's like 13 or something.


Uncanny Dodge on it.


That was the one thing I couldn't say on Talks was my first thought when Molly died was: I just lost three days off of my artbook schedule, oh god! Oh no! Please no!


16 points of damage. One necrotic.


Do we even know the Baumbauchs are here?


Oh, that's great. You can make little clothes for it.


Slow and half-deaf.


Yeah. People who spend a lot of their earnings and people who are more privileged, like you, who help people in less privileged places.


We are really close to it.


Can you hear him?


Oh. Not right now, but when we are-- ja.


One gem. I'll break it in two.


Did you just steal the comic book?


We think we find him and it's just a rock.


Here it is, clearly, right here.


Minimal clank.


It can be wherever I put it, really. It's magical.


Are we getting close to where you think their headquarters are?


Well, that's the best thing I've ever seen. That's crazy. That's just great. I'd love to learn how to do that.


Yasha, you're just so flirty today.


Thanks, brother. Thank you so much. I don't have your gift for you here.


Norda.


Slytherin. Slytherin. Ravenclaw's pretty good. Pretty good.


I conjure an unseen servant, whom I will name Simon Two.


--is that? What language?


While she's doing that, can I just look over the ground and see if there's any platinum deposits?


What will we be doing in the meantime?


Okay. We can - me and Pike - can take out the guys on the roof.


Yeah, there's no way.


Did you see the nostril? His little nostril twitch.


And then you have a horse.


So Percival, spill your guts. What the fuck is going on?


Wait, you're stealing our flying carpet? (all laugh)


All right, but there's no sneak attack, so not that bad.


Put your head right here.


All right, I will.


I want to take her belongings and send her on her way.


I'm standing between them, like, it's okay! These are the allies we speak of!


What the hell?!


Oh, interesting.


Everything's fine. These are friends. Get on with your business. Get back on patrol. Make sure nothing happens or I'll have your heads.


I reach in to try and grab it out.


Pathetic!


He put 400, 1000, 100.


Is it what was meant to be or what you just really wanted? And it found you?


Don't you have family history with them?


But what's the purpose of the potion? To make your poo blue?


Stop hitting yourself!


Maintain!


No, I don't think I will.


You're so-- why are you so stiff?


How dark is it in here? Is it like--


But I can do that, right?


Okay. What about the perimeters of here, where all the people were? There was a swarm of people. I spend five minutes seeing anything was dropped of interest.


Drop disguise.


That's my bonus action. Can I use my action to strike again?


I can fly, though. I can hover. Can I hover and flank?


(robot beeping sound effects)


You said your god, the Raven Queen, she's the one who transitions people. Maybe she can help.


I still don't know what half of you guys are. What's Travis?


You sexy tailed bastard.


Tie a rope. I tie the other side.


Oh, he died. That's two down. Splash two.


Not a bad thought.


Hmm?


You're so annoying.


Are we going to tell him about the sword?


I'm going to let the castle know I'm taking a brief, brief run up the hill and grabbing supplies for this, so letting everyone know. Grabbing a few tents.


Thank you Mary and Will, yes!


To fire?


D&D Beyond!


Disengage and bolt.


That was your very first--


And he's having a hard time? I thought we're under tree cover, no?


Okay, wait! We need a really fancy seal. We need wax.


And only people that don't look like us can take the skiff in to get the crew that we're going to look for.


Some say you can see them still, overhead. (laughter)


Oh my god, Keg. This is just like Titanic. Just me and you, floating on this--


No, he's my guy.


If we're going back out the way we came in?


Hey, guys. How's it going?


I am going to book, double speed--


I am charismatic. (squealing) 23! Natural 19.


17.


I'm going to use, oh no. Because that won't be enough time.


But I--


I love flowers, did you get me any?


If you put-- oh, fuck.


Three attacks. They all hit. 19, 15, 13, plus things


How wide's the second river between us and Vax?


Spireling Veekar.


Let's see if I wrote it down in my sketchbook.


You guys guide the story. Hey, you guys guide the story. It’s fun though.


So cloak on your back. Sword on the cloak.


It's a 20.


We should fix that, one of these days.


That is a Jean-Claude Van Damme.


Why didn't I choose something more fun to say?


Trinket's going to be affected. Oh! I command Trinket to move, then. Can he?


Yeah, Grog's girlfriend.


Much better. You ready for the Feywild?


Look, look, I'm up to my fucking knees in this quagmire, all right? It's a slop dolly of epic proportions!


I like that your ring made a (loud splashing).


It's almost over.


Let's get out of here and find the guy. Also we have to remember: tonight.


Oh, I'm sorry, these two-- Grog and Vax.


I'll go up to the bar. We don't know his name, do we? The bartender's name?


Hide.


As I see her falling, I run forward to try to cast Cure Wounds right as she--


Things aren't going very well here.


Is it poop in a jar? Or is it pickles?


The punchline is you're going to go and you're going to have to actually bring back a kill, and it will be a very specific kill that is asked for.


How's Yasha? Is she staring off into space, or just doing stuff? (laughter)


Did you want to sleep before we went back to Whitestone?


(unintelligible grumbling)


Wasn't it easier when you just had to rhyme?


May I speak with Vanessa very quickly?


Anastasia, did you just see that? (laughter)


That's an amazing list of things that you are not.


Look, listen, I made a promise to your brother, he was very adamant that I'm supposed to stick it--


It certainly is. I am happy to try. But things are only going to get more complicated. Congratulations. That's very impressive.


What? A bit like a process of divination-- (laughter)


There's someone on Pike, right?


Just say where you're from. That's easy.


Pike, you look me in the eye.


I think that makes sense. We'll cause a ruckus, see what you can find.


I'm going to cast my Spare the Dying cantrip.


Before we just go straight to it?


What should we call him?


That was quite a story, quite a story.


Why are you wearing those things?


We're moving rocks.


Can I get a "Don't fuck me, Gil"? [cheering]


I'll hop up on the carpet.


Oh, wow. He hits me. Probably because I stepped on him.


As my bonus action, I'm going to cast--


We have survived a fucking hellscape. All of us.


And you're sure this motherfucker was, like, sole sabotager?


We're going to have to smelt them.


Keyleth looks out the window again. Are people panicked, are people running around? Is there a rabble in the street?


Should we destroy-destroy this?


And we are only like 23 away from another giveaway. And here's the thing, guys, since that next giveaway is at 3,000, which is a huge, huge goal of ours, I'll give away three signed photos and three signed books. Instead of one giveaway, we'll do three giveaways to celebrate 3k. And I have notified some of the troops that we could possibly hit 3k subs, so they are on their way back to dance with us tonight. Some of our people. You guys don't have to stay, but you're more than welcome to, except I was told by Erika that if we hit 3k subs you have to dance Careless Whisper with her. That's what Erika told me, she was like--


I'm going to follow and I'll stay behind enough to where I can cast? Do I have to get in the water also?


That's not going to hit. That's a ten.


Is that close?


I could do that!


While Percival is sleeping, I pull Grog over and we look at him for a while, and I say, where do you think the smoke comes out of?


Does evasion factor into this?


Wait, we're doing things that last an hour?


I'm not entirely certain I am mortal anymore.


I think it's just so much more exciting when you say it.


That is what I was inquiring.


(Laughing) Okay.


Hey, Sun Tree bro. Are you a Sun Tree bro? Are you a Sun Tree brother? What's your name?


All right. I am going to use my bonus action to hide if I can. I should have full movement. Can I back into a corner of the room?


Can I go there? Wait, wait, back closer to the-- I want to be able to try and-- can I see Scanlan and stuff, over there?


I got the fudge end.


Don't go shopping next time. I never do.


It's the basement in Westworld. We all just go catatonic.


Vax hasn't gone? Oh my god.


I think you go first.


(tearfully) I'm glad the new guy's the worst of our problems. (all laugh)


Oh shit, I've seen some crazy shit. This one time I saw a bug carrying a piece of bread that was like five times its size and he was carrying it up stairs. Like up and then he would turn and then it would go up and then he would turn.


Yes. I'm very good at alphabetizing. Listen, we are going to catch up so much. I'm just really excited. They are letting me out, Mertin!


Wait...under the magma?


The shock definitely did a thing?


I'm going to take someone heavy.


No, really, look, it's still got stuff in it.


We are not abandoning it. We already discussed it. There's more than one way to cut through this knot.


Man, I cannot wait to see this year's Victory Pit competition! I hear the beasts are heartier than they were last year.


I'm taking a look at that other book really quickly as well.


I bow as well.


That's not going to happen. Okay, our last fight, I had hasted myself. That was more than a minute ago, though, right?


19 plus 14 is a hell of a lot.


How's it going, guys?


Plus Hunter's Mark? On the Elder Brain.


Pretty safe.


You've got a Death Knight, if you're feeling frisky.


If the target is missing any of its hit points, it instead takes 1d12 necrotic damage.


Let me check.


It is a constitution saving throw.


You did!


(bat squeaks)


Wait, I thought it was behind--


Of course. "but please don’t take this solemn, intense face to be anything other than friendship, this is just business and I run a business."


All right, I’ll use - fuck a duck. I’ll use the bonus action to dash.


So they can't scry into the room, it cancels all magic.


Fun, fun, fun!


There's no entrances? No secret entrances? No trap doors hiding behind barrels?


Shit. Don't do that lock.


Put the dagger and sword on the table also.


(spookily) Ooh.


It is a concentration spell.


DM. where would you say, in relation to this map, the two groups are?


For those of us on the outside, do we see a bubble of darkness where Key and the others--


Percy! Don't touch my dice, Percy!


Take our time.


Towards the summoning circle.


Okay. (counting)


(relieved) Oh!


Yeah. They're not affiliated directly. It's better for them to not be affiliated with any particular groups, so-- but you know. This is not a great place.


I've heard worse ideas.


Passing as many people as I can!


We go in, we try to find Fabron Keyes and secure the safehouse in the swamp and there's howling there so probably wolves or something.


They're still inside the tentacles?


We handed you that haversack.


Is that your music?


I guess we should go to the big island?


--cast as a 3rd-level and the ability check bonus for the spell is plus three.


As long as we're not here.


I think they only have to let me in, technically.


Is that an automatic failed constitution save?


What about of arcane quality?


They could be anybody. They could be werefish.


You've tried to steal from us twice.


Okay. How's my visual on that guy through the window?


Can I knock him down a notch? Can I try and shoot him to drop him out of the sky a bit?


Same people I saw outside of the house earlier. All right, fuck this shit. I turn and I walk towards those two people.


I think I do, right?


This is the time. Right here, right now.


No, we're all in.


And it's all science-y too.


We've got a god-made doorway in front of us. Something-made door, right. Natural rock around it or is everything carved?


No, no, I want the weasel!


That's why it's a bad cracker.


Scarred for life.


They had real good teamwork. Maybe we should come up with special moves.


It's funny, because part of my idea was to go in with you. But I know that you have to do it to folk of your own size, but if I were little Vax, I could go with you.


No, plus six.


Do we have to wait a whole day before he comes back?


-- you can have my rod.


Quit the program and go back in.


Percy shot at them.


I'm blanking right now. Is there a temple of Sarenrae here?


Critical hit.


Is this what Yasha had on her? Yeah.


This thing sucks.


I'm trying to will it to-- Shit, it's just a big black ball. Slam straight into the ceiling!


What do I have left?


You know that dragon?


Okay. We have options, people.


All right. We know what we're doing, right?


I walk into the lake and crouch down?


He's just been drinking mayo. (laughs)


What if we gave you money and food and mutton?


Please don't do that.


What do you after you're biting its tongue in your mouth?


I have an advantage on anything having to do with dragons.


And I'll use one Luck for the day. First Luck. All right. 17.


We're gonna kill a kraken!


Chocolate.


Uh-huh. (laughs)


We still have a couple of feasts left.


The last war on what?


And Pike, too?


No, we don't know anything yet.


Oh shit, that's actually great!


He should've listened. You were very clear, dear.


Uriel has a lot of gold and will probably give a reward.


(gleeful laughter) Yes!


This is all you're good for.


She seems neat.


It was an undead thing. It was just going to make a tongue at us.


Keyleth. Serious.


Oh, we don't need weapons. We're weapons!


I'll use three more charges. I have seven total.


The two poor decision makers, I imagine.


I've got this. I pick up two small, roundish, oval-shaped stones from the ground, and I slide them into Grog's nostrils, plugging them up.


I assure you, it's safe now.


Nailed it.


Yes. Sorry.


Yeah. I can't be paralyzed anyway.


As much as you can.


Both our healers are outside! Typical.


Hey! Percy.


How did this happen? How did we get here?


Constitution 16.


We should take that and put it in the bag of holding, so we can sneak in if we want to.


We hate seamen.


I'm gonna go for the big guy.


We're getting somewhere. But we still need-- there's still more to do?


What's it look like?


Will that be possible?


High five! High five!


Yep, that's fine.


(Star Wars Cantina song)


You want me to give you a boost?


Yep, on my way.


We can send a Message.


Last year I was a crime boss, but the last few days have been really fun.


Yep, she is.


So you guys need to distract the guard.


We don't know what you're doing.


Oh, it's a 1. (all laugh)


We actually do, now that I think about it.


We went into McDonald's and his head hit the ceiling!


Each of them. Do I roll that?


That's no fake hand!


Yeah. That's why it's more fun if I can move her.


That's what I was going to ask you. I'm going to go back upstairs.


Blue skin gone?


Um, 16.


Any ideas, Mr. Clay?


400 gold!


And the full name of the game is Middle Earth: Shadow of War, for all of those who are looking for it alphabetically.


We get all three in, and then we get one round.


It takes hold? Okay. How about this? You know the petrified forests in Arizona? Can I petrify him?


They made a twitter, @critterhaiku, which is super-fun.


(gasps) Pull her out, pull her out.


What? [laughter]


I take Keyleth's face in my hands and happily take one more kiss. I'm sorry it's so cold.


Yes, exactly. That's what I was going to say earlier.


But there's no trees!


Well done. You've already helped.


Give it a try!


Okay. Yeah yeah yeah. Oh, I feel bad! I was kind of friends with her back in the day. Okay, we'll do it.


Or we spike it down the hole, and it causes a hydrogen bomb, and we shatter this titan in half.


We'll be moving at twice speed since it's normal speed and not our halved speed.


Yeah, it's honestly kind of my thing.


Can I say something to him?


No! Kill it.


Right. 'Cause they have magic things.


Well, we didn't fight them under the water.


No. I thought we were all going to die, but it was just-- what was it?


I can't fucking believe that shit.


Yes, we did a long-y rest-y.


He's very handsome, especially when he shaves. You can see the little butt chin he has. It's really nice.


Grog's not going to fit in that hole.


I have tinker's tools. Where do I see--


You have a little cavern for this!


Plus nothing.


Plus we're in a mine.


You should have heard her play.


Can you lick this one?


Bears can climb trees.


And then we'll loot their bodies.


Okay, I get three questions.


Oh, you know, it ran up on the roof. We were trying to chase her down. You want to see if maybe she ran around the corner?


Which way are the voices coming from?


Okay. I'm gonna step just a little bit away from that flaming tree.


All right. I'm going to take my first shot at that lock.


Oh, great! They're here!


How much more does he need?


Okay, thank you, okay.


(counting) Eight points of slashing damage. Oof, that's rough. I'm going to take two swipes at-- I'm going to try and move. I'm going to try and move somewhere where I'm flanking. Is there any flanking available at the moment?


With all the eyes?


I go back and tell everybody what he just told me.


Thanks, Wade.


They're over by me.


(still slurring) I only had like three drinks. Three sips.


Oh, you know Krieg?


Can I roll an insight check? That's bullshit!


Because he can kill Beau-- he can do double damage right now to her if he hits her.


I don’t know what he is.


Okay. This is my last shot. I'm burning another grit, and natural 20. Okay, so that's going to be-- come on. That's better!


Grog!


How are you two doing?


Yeah, he's either behind us or down below.


That's pronounced Coke and a cola.


(whimpers) That's my turn. (laughter)


I'm going to rifle through all of his pockets with lightning speed agility of hand.


Yeah, door-- smash it open, right?


She's got a point.


Weeks.


Okay, can I move opposite of him?


Still littered with candy canes.


Oh, thank you, sir.


And I can't find it in these notes either. Shit.


Can anybody come through, or only your friends? Only people that you like.


One can hope. It's only fair; you've been on this journey far longer than I have.


See, this is why I shouldn't have used my spell!


Are we doing it on our own?


Oh, go to the store and check out shop.critrole.com. Did I get it right? There's t-shirts, and there's a bumper sticker that says something about the Traveler, and you know we all love that.


You don't know how old I am, Caleb?


-- to inspire them.


Oh, thank you, Pike. Let's stay out all night. Come on.


And as it falls, the tongue that's hanging in my mouth, I look to one of the dwarves that's left, I go, who's next? (all laugh)


We were strategizing. We were just, we're figuring out some strategy for how to make this work.


I push her. Can I pull her? (laughs) I have to push her back in and then go through?


We're not around lava now.


I look inside.


With confidence and pride.


Is there any way of contacting the Fire Ashari?


Good. Frumpkin got-- I'm going to use my cat stats, because I don't have owl stats handy.


We're going to leave the city abandoned?


Well, I am a dark evil demonic creature.


Grubs?


It doesn't look like Raishan's?


I guess we should go home, huh? I mean, back to the town.


I'm think in the middle of a field, yes. So that it's--


I know people everywhere.


Do I save?


Oh! I go to give him a business card, but then I realize I never got them printed so.


Oh, is it sold out again?


Get it on, Tiberius!


Bloated Cup?


In another plane of existence, which I don't know if that's a problem.


I mean, it's pretty sticky.


Oh. Well, what was the situation?


Jesus, fuck. He just did 42 points of damage.


So we found a paintbrush that you can paint things and they will come into being? Is that what it is?


He did say it was an inspired idea. His words.


Well, do we have ours leftover from what we had before? [LAURA, TRAVIS, MATT] Yes.


Either or. When did they get them, do we know? Can we find that information?


Yes! Natural 20!


Well, there's something I need to go do. You guys get started and I'll--


I think out of everyone here, from what I've seen, Mr. Caleb is the only one who really understands how powerful this thing is. Even I didn't know as much. I appreciate everything that you've just said and it's the nicest thing that anyone's ever done for me. Please don't blame him. He was doing the right thing.


It's very Scott Pilgrim. Have you seen this woman?


It is quite impolite.


What is all this poppycock?!


We may have a lot more money than I thought we had, because Grog’s been hiding money in the bag of holding. (all laugh)


Oh, the joke's on you.


Indeed. Deuce, food? Water?


For both attacks.


And do you remember why they were invited to Whitestone to begin with?


Honestly, who knows? We don't know enough yet. It's too general.


We'll give those to you when it's time to leave.


My cat is on patrol because we've been standing with our dicks in our hands for a long time.


I've never been so happy.


Whatever his name is. (laughter)


That's Telekinesis, Kyle! (all laugh)


(yells) Do you see any monsters down there?


We don't know what's up there.


What do I add to this, by the way? I've never done a physical attack.


Do you have fermented juice?


Oh, the danger was passed.


So. That's-- Yeah, that all hits. It's a 11, a 13 and a 17. They all-- they all hit.


Pick the one that looks the fanciest.


Then I'm going to take a step or two down to scatter us a little bit more.


But it can't very well avoid it.


Just next time you get abducted by a bounty hunter, give us some warning, would you?


That's two punches taken away.


I stand up on the podium. Um, sorry. While the terrible man and the terrible woman both absolutely have a point--


Yeah, well, stoned.


Bundle up! We'll give you some wool blankets for the trip!


There's no streets, it's all alleys.


I know. Yeah, okay. Jesus, what's 14 plus seven?


Do me a favor. Spread the word amongst the rest of us and make sure the rest of the crew hears as well. I don't want innocent blood shed if it can be helped.


My DC?


From any direction? Or just attached?


What about those of us with earrings?


Trying to rip the cart off the dead horses.


Like private school?


First rule of Fight Club.


We need a place to stay. Right?


Way to bury the lede, Pike.


That's a good way to lose a finger.


I've got like an army, kind of soldiery, looking t-shirt that says Chimera, like Chimera Corps.


Right. Yeah. So, like, wheels? Or like weapons? Arms? You said arms.


You'll keep taking damage.


I want to read it so bad!


And into another one.


We're in the House of Lady Favors of Renewal right now.


That was worse than the first one, that's great.


You live because I let you live. Just needed to say that out loud.


Yeah, the horn helmet was pretty spectacular, but I feel like we may have topped it.


Instead, I say, good luck.


They don't like each other, though, this is some sort of loose partnership.


No, I'm not thrifty.


Come on, Grog!


I shouldn't have offered the game. What if we want to leave and then they want to take us up on the game thing?


Shush.


Not if I'm wielding it.


All right, so then I'll just hit it. I'll just hit it hard.


That was Molly?


We shake hands.


How many people have taken it so far?


Oh, bring it. They both hit. They're reckless.


Okay. I'm gonna take a Grasping Vine, I'm gonna grab Vax and yank him towards me from this-- who's got the thing? From that-- that one closest by.


No, The Skew is a place where you can live.


I'll put my hands on Molly's horns and--


We know a lot already.


I'm sorry. I have self-esteem issues.


Moontouched.


I'm fucked. (laughs)


Oh yeah, he killed the bad guy.


Did I make the right choice?


They lick them apparently.


We did a good job scouting this place out and stuff.


Do you want me to get it for you?


We'll figure it out in time.


Just like "arrgh" every time you roll it.


Hold on, I've got this figured out. Hold on. Hold on, shush. Eenie, meany, miney, mo. Catch a tiger by the toe--


Actually, I'm going to add Hex to that, just for fun. I'm going to Hex him.


The djinn?


Hi, guys. Sorry I snuck in last night.


I will also help with that.


No, I'm just giving you a hug!


And here we go. First shot. Oh god. Don't do anything stupid. Okay. That's fine. 22 to hit.


This shit ain’t my fault.


I am for them, usually.


The big thing.


It looks like a Frank Miller comic right now. It's what I see in my head.


I trusted you, motherfucker.


Sam's stuff is right there, isn't it?


I can probably teleport us through a tree, right?


The neighbor finds lots of minis in his yard.


Not the chest, but in the bag of holding.


I would want to see what your range was, in case you wanted to, I don't know, perhaps mimic one of our other companions.


She told us where he is, and we have to find him.


Again? Already done, friend, already done.


Yep, that hit me. (laughter)


(coo) Haversack (coo).


Would that check include the doors themselves?


Look how little you look, next to him. You're so small.


Shoulder massage.


Just me and him.


Short for Barrymore.


Oh, you know what, I was rolling eights instead of tens. That's okay.


At least six times.


Keep the group safe?


I apologize in advance for all the shit you're about to see. I open the door.


We won't avenge him then.


I’m so bored.


He can sit on my shoulder. No?


While they're talking, I'm going to loot the other bodies.


Amelia, if you would, please stay with me. Funny, I believe I heard of a man named Reginald. Very brave. Not sure where he is, but we're going to get you out of the city, just stay put for a moment.


I'm also going to, out of curiosity, run d6 worth of Cabal's Ruin through it, just to see what happens. So that's-- wow, that really-- that's 14 points of piercing damage and two points of electrical damage.


Is she an astronaut? That's what it looked like.


They're easily killed.


Good and drunk.


That's a significant spell.


No, but we do know about the Sluice. We heard about a place called the Sluice.


Is he looking at me?


No, I thought you could like do a Hosannah and get me out of here.


Doesn't Percy want ore?


What are you going to do with the girl?


That's not even a figurine, it's just a chunk of plastic.


We're all together. That's what's going on.


He gets advantage, right, because she's pinned?


Let's walk with Molly. There. Boom. Got it.


Beauregard. You keep the bowl all night so that Jester can use the spell she used in the past for truth, and then we ask Cali, and I would love to hear that Cali's intentions are true and good. If they're not, we'll find out.


I'm an expert in edubation. That's Liam, not Caleb.


He just rolled a die.


This is very much like home for me.


Because of the feast?


I stick my foot in!


I feel bad to because we never stay in one place long enough for him to have a decent shower. (laughter)


Oh, okay. That's good. I like your plan so far.


That’s true.


I kill all of them.


What's its weakness, Beau?


Like, you suck. You can find us at the Glintshore?


(explosions)


We can make wind.


The walls are tall enough that you can put that above people and it won't be a problem.


It's dead on.


Pike. Pike, do you want to collect the rest of them and lead them back here?


I don't want any torch. I've got darkvision!


Yeah, what's your type?


If I go there, will you not be able to go with me?


They were switching shifts.


We're great with old people.


So we should just go down, act like we're evils, like our souls have been claimed by another devil already.


Is this about Kaylie again?


Is this terrain similar at all to Xhorhas?


Do I know if Lorenzo is a loyal person, like would he give or would he just let someone die if they got taken?


It's okay. That's great. Grog definitely won't fall in the lava on his turn.


I don't know if the person who wanted you was part of the Clasp. I don't know who it was. It's parading you around in front of the people who made an illicit deal with me.


I think I've ever seen.


Can you do them on top of each other?


She's getting closer to me.


We're going to take a stab at this death machine. We were curious if you could--


Shameful.


Okay. 24 on Ripley.


So it's like a 50/50 chance that you could get something very good. Like, you have your fortune change, you become a king, all of this thing--


He said, it looks like it's him.


(laughing) It's pretty good.


I've already cursed two of them.


Aw baldy! You fucking chrome dome.


Give him some distance.


Should we go buy some potions then?


I will support you and help you and aid you, but judgmentally.


Oh, a downward spiral. Okay, I'll go back and report what I saw.


You should pick better words next time that are slightly more clear.


Fuck. 16.


Yeah, we gave her food and water.


Missed. Rolled a nine.


Well, I would, if it was Trinket's turn. Pike's going to run down and stand between Scanlan and Grog.


And dry off.


He's sometimes hard to follow, but you don't want to fuck with him.


She taught him to sit in a chair.


So amazing!


This is bullshit, right? Everything I had, everything I was, right there. Just another one.


G1BigDaddyHef. "Working retail can be draining and I want to thank you so much for inspiring me and brightening my day. Currently working on creating a new campaign to try and get my coworkers involved in. I'm happy to lend some money to help out the 826LA charity."


So we're rolling initiative, that's what we're doing?


It is a magical Instagram, Creature of Habit.


And I learned a lot, but there was one who taught me some extra things.


What a fucking idiot.


I’m just saying, from my experience, normally if you’re trying to do a coup--


"-- of chosen escalation for an unending period of time, or this contract is voided by an agreement on the part of both parties. Upon agreeing to and signing this contract, the recipient is bound to their agreed obligations and parameters within the first pact, as is the scribe. Upon completion of the agreed obligations and parameters on both sides of the initial pact, the first pact is considered complete and concluded."


You're saved!


That's his first name?


Asum, it's me.


At every turn-- Listen to me. At every turn, when you can go left or right, if Frumpkin, who will be resting on your ear, tickles the inside of the ear, it means go right. If nothing happens, go left.


So I'll be in the back with my sister.


Eighth level, but it could be worth it to not be seen and get the drop.


That wasn't my fault.


Okay, guys. We've got a lot of these. You ready? We've got AxisOfAnarchy. "Less than three Matt, Taliesin, Ashley, Marisha, Laura, Liam, Orion, and Sam. #FindGrog."


Oh, I'm so proud of you! We need to calm down and go back to bed.


He's distracted.


No, I knew where you were going with it, though. How do we ring the dinner bells, is what you're saying. How do we get them to come to us?


It makes us so happy.


He can't hear you.


First party death.


Where is it coming from?


That was clearly something down here that's been killing people.


Too many one-liners! Can I do something creative and take my staff with my fish on it, and fling it, and try and throw the fish cadaver at the other fish dudes?


This has been a terrible day.


Hmm. If you see my druid, would you send her to bed?


Or you get a magical sword. Or if maybe someone-- you could just die instantly.


Oh, level five, thank you!


And one eye on the Loaded Underwear-- What's it called? The Bloated--


Yeah, but people will see the gazebo appear out of nowhere.


Yeah, but it could be good if you want to pretend to be evil.


There's a rock slide to its right.


In doing so, could she get all the water out of the lake so that it would be gone forever, or is it just a temporary parting?


I do my pushups and my pullups.


You're good. I'm blind and are you blind?


Okay, I'm going to turn invisible.


And you're raging right?


What modifier?


I follow him where he's going.


I'm sorry. I think we're going to need to go through the acid.


Do I have to do one also?


That it does.


I have never cared so much about football in my entire life as I do right now. Which is saying, I don't necessarily care a lot. But definitely--


That's a good apology.


Oh, that's a fucking two. That's four. Yeah.


(singing) We could be lizard people!


I would be very pleased if we could complete this contract, if this contract becomes null and void, not with us getting to the Bastion of Flesh, but with our return to our plane, with our enemy harmed. We get what we want, you get what you want. Not we get towards what we want, you get what you want.


Trinket's doing something.


So, let me get this straight. You think you can go away for a year, and come back, in a disguise, and apologize to this group, and that's going to be good enough for me? And then when I'm still pissed, you're going to give me a combo apology with Pike, and that's going to be good enough for me? I'm still pissed. You came back in a costume. A costume! I'm not even really that smart, it's not hard to trick me. And I'm a big guy, but you made me feel small. I don't know if you missed us; I don't know if somebody is making us go down into this Zigga-fuck.


Just wanted to put it out there if you wanted to live on the edge of life, but no, we'll just do it the boring way.


Oh boy, guys, this is a fight.


From the torture room.


Shouldn't we have a backup plan, in case they turn us out onto the street?


Thanksgiving, we can be thanksful. We can be thanksful for the campaign we hads, the characters we hads, it'll be greats.


I plant my foot firmly into his arse and just shove him towards the two guys.


It looks just like Tom Cruise's!


It was going to be--


Do you know for sure?


Silberquel Ridge, perhaps? Hupperdook is beyond that mountain range.


Yes, I do. 11 points.


How handsome is he?


Squirrel!


I'm really just bad at everything.


Hey, I have a question. I have a question for the DM. Is there a spell or a portal or anything out there where we can all switch bodies with each other? And I'm Keyleth for a while, and Taliesin is Grog for a while?


I'm going to say I'm going to use Devil's Tongue: Come on, we're all friends here. Why don't you just walk away, leave your things, and just admit your defeat? It was a good try.


If it bleeds, we-- we're going to die. (laughter)


Whoa, you have a nine persuasion?!


I'm going to use my Spiritual Weapon.


Yeah, the guy in the red was controlling it.


And you get advantage.


We bolt. We bolt for it.


You're on Whitestone soil.


And what did I just do, though, with the dragon sword, did I widen the hole?


Oh gosh, well I should probably hit the wounded one. That always makes RPG sense, right?


Matt seems adamant. That can't be good.


Logic is a fickle god.


But wait, where are we going though if we get this thing?


Actually, this brings up a-- how much molasses do you have?


No, I understand. Sabian, my crewmate, he went down and sabotaged the ship. He set off an explosion. That has to be what happened.


Want to take it?


I saw that DM move of, I'll tell you if it hits. I felt that.


If you can respect that, then we don't have a problem.


Yeah, yeah, check it out.


Pets.


I cast Enhance Ability on her and give her, I think it's Owl's Wisdom.


I have the worst strength. Eight.


I turn my head to everyone and just mouth the words-- and perception check the room.


Yeah, what-- I'm sorry.


Scanlan Two is going to use Cutting Words to reduce the damage.


There's an acid guy! Stab. (all laugh)


I saw that one.


Oh, if I use your thing?


I would just confirm with someone of reason that we're to do this and get arrested for it, or we're to do this and otherwise--


I want to sit down.


I think you only have to kill the one.


I put down the gun and I breathe.


So it's 11, so that hits.


Can you hit Greenbeard?


That's your plan?


There's not much I can do, so I'm going to run towards that next set of buildings and recover next to the fountain. That you can't see.


Yeah, it’s hard to tuck your pants into your boots.


I've got the mansion.


Can I see this red thing?


I've got, like, five more. I've been saving them up for this entire game.


Thank you, somebody.


When she is far enough away, I cast Sacred Flame.


That's disquieting. Excellent.


I take my stone and put it back in my staff.


This is totally the diner scene in Pulp Fiction now.


It's not going to be enough, though.


I'll just hold back and wait.


Let's finish this. That is 17 points of damage plus Fury of the Small-- --make it 22. Then I'll shoot again! Nope, miss.


We laid the letters. Touch nothing! Let's go!


I run over and I tackle him, knock him to the ground, put my hand over his mouth, punch him in the forehead. Punch him again. Punch him a third time. And I barely lift my hand.


When does the ritual begin?


It's more for distraction purpose anyway.


Okay. Just want to make sure. People just punk'd us at Sprigg's cabin!


I'll allow it. (laughter)


Not actually exact transcriptions, just so we keep the knowledge.


How far above us is Vecna?


I drop it. We're in, go! I walk into the building.


It's just going to be one smiley line with two tusks sticking out of it.


Papa.


Can't wait. Okay. Calm down. 22. This is undead?


I didn't get a letter!


10% what you say, 90% how you say it.


I mean, if he was taking the Leonardo da Vinci approach then it could be accurate. Max of Lode!


I want Avantika to see Bouldergut doing this and holding up the book. Holding up the book and waving it around. She's definitely holding that book.


So what kind of people--?


They don't like you either. MARISHA, Yeah, but they like money. Let's go.


You just broke a chaise lounge, but come in.


Squeeze Gem.


Go check it out.


We gotta wait 'til they cross it, Scanlan.


-- Kaiju-ing Pike once again.


Sentences you never expect to hear in your D&D game.


I'm already down here, so I'll summon the falchion.


The balding guy.


So let me go.


Trinket's with me.


I vouch for her, for what it's worth.


I'm not burning it on this. 13.


Hey, I don't need to be stealthy, now!


Waiting for the distraction.


That's interesting. I got fifteen.


Okay, wait, hold on. Lengthy hand-razor...


I'm negating that. Roll Gil.


So yep, I'm going to go down. I'm going to sign it.


Pikey-pants. Do you want to have gone to Kymal? Or do you want to have stayed and helped?


6d10. (counting)


One question.


Because I have advantage on initiative rolls.


Oh god, that was fast.


Oh, should I roll for Trinket, too? Oh, he goes when I go.


Technically, because Beau's on the ground?


I'm going to do my due diligence and scoot a little ahead of everybody and start looking for traps or anything hinky.


I've never eaten a dog. I feel like I would feel really weird about it.


With advantage because Nott's helping me?


And then I rolled again and tried to make a new pair of glasses. And then I realized it's very, very hard to make a pair of glasses when you can't see what you're doing because you don't have a pair of glasses.


That went really well. The last one-- do I do any damage when I hit the head? Normal damage. So, last one is seven points of damage plus he's got--


He was doing things with flourish, yeah.


22?!


Yeah, because it didn't happen last time!


She thought she was missing something that-- and I use this term loosely-- ordinary people... We have a magic we use, to convince people that we deserve the things we get, those of us who were born this way. It was treating her unfairly and limiting her ability to see her world for what it was worth, and it was a simple and easy fix. She is going to wake up one morning-- not yet, but soon-- and realize that money will not make her happy, and that trying to please that awful father will not make her happy. The first step in that is realizing that he's weak, and there's no better way to do that than being better titled than your parents.


You're welcome. I'm sitting here thinking, if only we had a Mending cantrip of some kind.


Is this a normal thing, or just today?


While this is going on, I'm writing on a piece of scroll right now. Which I give to him.


Thank goodness. 22.


Do we have any questions that I might want to figure out before I--


-- with a little spritz of water in the face.


Claws that grasp.


I feel like this is it.


Did she go back to New York?!


This is too much emotional emotional whiplash. Can you stand for the full four hours?


Don't. Just don't.


No dampness?


I'm going to reach in and think of--


Actually, I have something I can do while that's happening.


I'm sure I pushed as far as I could.


Extremely tactile.


200 miles away once we entered is how far away we are from Vasselheim. 200 miles. With steps of?


Oh my god. That's a terrible roll. That's okay. 12 points of normal damage and six points of psychic damage.


Is this the one that I Hunter's Marked? No, the other one Hunter's Marked.


He'll have to come back, anyway, because he doesn't know how to make the ammo for his gun.


I'm still in Minxie form. I slept in Minxie form. I'm going to go look for him, see if I can find him in any of the rooms on the third floor.


I would've released it, yeah. He's not back, but I released the sight.


Yeah, okay. Since the gate is open, I'm going to start slowly walking down the hallway after Nott, sticking close to the wall. That's as far as I get?


We run up and kick him into the lava!


Well, what I'd like to do is, if I know I'm going to be rolling everything essentially at a disadvantage, I'd like to at least help the people that are still standing as much as I can, so I'd like to Bless Stormwind and Thorbir. And can I do myself, as well? It's up to three creatures.


I'll tie-break it.


Just flip that.


He's back to where he was before the Heal.


Her hand touched me, but it didn't--


Well, actually, why don't we take them to target practice? I'm sure that the Riflemen are probably at least doing a round of target practice. That might be fun to see.


Yes fucking way.


Well, he puckered up.


We're going to finish up and try and get out, I guess?


That one does not.


I would check both of them.


We're going to go back and ask the creepy guy how to get to the Marduns'.


She's actually cackling.


I'm wearing it.


Then I'm going to use my movement to go airborne. I think I can go 60 feet? Let me see my fly speed. I have 90 feet.


You know, with cats, it's really all of their emotions are your emotions projected on them, anyway, so that's how it works with cats. They feel nothing.


Well, we have a really big fat tree right in the town.


This is my chance for redemption.


Just a series of lenses--


Yeah, you shifted gears very quickly there.


I don't.


Pat that tuft of hair down.


(watch says  "Zero miles")


Anything good-looking?


We're asking after a man that helped down at the docks, named Enon. Have you heard of him?


Are we sure they're prisoners?


I'll grapple as a reaction. Oh, fuck.


16 points of damage.


I really feel like you could do something about this!


She's sweeping as she's running towards the door.


That's a ten, that's 44, and that's seven, so that's 51 points of damage. 51 points of damage to it.


Bam! Factoids! Zofer. "Amazing show, and a worthy cause."


It's fine. People normally react really worse when I go like that, so it's fine. You guys didn't beat me up. You didn't try and kill me. It's great. You guys are nice. Thank you.


Do I still have the remains of the broken trammel or did it shatter?


It protects you.


Have we finally broken Mercer?


I'm sorry, were you trying to tell me about-- I'm sorry, what? Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Is that better?


Oh yeah. 14.


Would you like to be needed again? Maybe it's time to stop running.


This one's fine, it don't matter.


Poison resistance.


I guess I use Pass Without a Trace on all of us.


So that's a no.


We want it. We're not leaving here without it. I'm sorry, I'm not going to show you my cards. Because before I do, you'll be dead. Sorry, guys.


Few months after I came to, I started noticing I could do things, knew things that I didn't necessarily know I knew.


Are we separate or are we not separate?


And then, so I used my bonus action to hide, which means I can do two, right? So the second is not that great.


Okay, so the merrow stole that from a water place, right? The Way--


No. She can't move any more.


Well, I must commend you on your perceptiveness. My balls are quite large. [cheering]


I have to stay alive.


Still don't.


I understand completely. How come you were you hitting me so much though? Because usually you don't have that much speed.


He has disadvantage on his next attack as well.


Luck, oh not that lucky. This is going to be very low. Yeah, never mind, low. Very low.


Where are we going to put it?


That's when they knew they fucked up. (laughter)


She got clawed, right?


I smell bad y'all.


Made of paper.


Moo-vies!


Yeah, skywriting with clouds.


I mean, if I'm looking at that creature, does it look like an illusion? Does it look like something we've seen before? Does it look like it's really there?


Arms. Out of sockets.


That rogue shit.


No, you just throw it in the door. You don't have to walk in.


Not with the pommel side, man!


He's a land baron?


It's a damn good tree. I do miss climbing trees.


We were duking it out, you and me, 'til the very end of that fight and well, as one seasoned warrior to another--


Are the rest of us flying? We're flying.


Was it "I'm a golden god?"


Now I want to see the show.


Yeah, I'm backing up.


Thank you, just the four.


Yeah, Shiraz time.


That in no way is suspicious, but that’s fine.


Yeah, I've only got what I read at home.


I'll take up the rears with my water elemental.


Well. Pike and Grog went back to their rooms.


Hey, fella. Hi friend.


I'm not real practiced, I'm sorry.


Yeah yeah!


Pop out the wings.


Okay. Oh.


It was an otter. I love otters.


This is weird for you, right?


We have a whole minute?


Leader. You're going to be a leader. Just make a choice.


That seems very prudent.


There's frustrated grunts happening.


Mindful of the damn rats.


I am going to take my bonus to ignite my form into a fire elemental and rush towards the closest thing to me.


No, in between the two of them. Yeah, right there.


Easy, easy.


Joseph? If you could wait at the door, that would be really helpful.


Have you ever fought in the Crucible?


Yeah. 9 00, 9 30. We plan ahead.


I do and Jester does.


Thank you for the idea.


We have to go to the treasury.


Anything else in the chamber? Does it look like there's any other little, interesting things in there?


We should cap 'em, right boys?


Oh, of course, I should have asked you first!


You should rent some of those out. I bet people would really like it.


Yeah, everybody's great.


All right. I'm going to try and lift it off.


Can we cure you?


While you guys sink, I went and peeked through one of those windows and looked down.


Same, same, same.


Damn gypsies.


I've already done that. We're all tieflings because of me.


We attack at advantage? For how long?


Oh wait, I want one, then!


Still a good candidate.


Fjord and he traded it for power.


Okay, you're still out there?


It got a natural 20.


Or I see the glimmering of Bigby's Hand?


Oh, yeah, that could be smart. Since-- so you don't go unconscious again.


Or incense.


Yeah, the-- no, the other carpet.


I'm pretty sure you just groped her.


I take him into a gentle headlock and I turn to my sister and say, Ahh, this guy.


No, but Keyleth can, and I think that would save you a lot of time.


You don't have a heal cantrip, do you?


There was no way to get a good look at who it was.


I can assist with any of the cutting, because I've got the fuck-all sword.


He helped us. And then he fucked us. Yeah.


I'm right there. How far can I run and cast a spell at the ones around Fatty?


This is my favorite mini game!


Well, that's not as cool.


We don't all have to go. A couple of us can make a fast ride.


Aw, he's chugging. He's sadness-chugging.


I can. I can also cast flight on all of us, but that would-- I think, at this point, it might be best to do a single investigation.


(gasps) Oh my god.


Yeah, Keyleth was quietly sobbing in Vax's arms and then heard (wedding march) and went (angry roar).


We more or less got robbed last night and you're the first living human being that we've seen-- or, not human being.


Sh!


I think we did. Did we befriend an illithid or kill it? I think we did both.


Yeah, there, yeah.


Everybody freeze.


I go and I sit next to Kashaw.


That's-- we got one.


So if he tries to stand up again, I want to shoot him again.


-- bring it down as bait. I could do that.


Bander rob?


Well, we don't have 'please' and 'thank you' because apparently they--


Okay! Fuck! Nine.


Ow, oh my ankle! It hurts so very much.


No, I already did it.


Fuck it, right? We're all going to die down here anyway, it doesn't matter.


I take a bead and I want to wait until the eye is looking right at me, and I want to take it right through the eye.


(exaggerated laugh) (all laugh)


Yeah, what if she's a guard?


We check it for traps.


Actually, we can move anywhere right now, right?


She definitely has some magic capabilities. She cast this illusion that made her hand look like it was extending. I think it was supposed to be cute, but you know that uncanny valley? It was a little weird. It's unsettling.


Yeah, two attacks.


Above a fountain.


Why don't we make our way back to the pixie dome and say: oh, we were chased by these horrible lycans! We wanted to kill them, but we got stuck when we hit this invisible wall. Could you do anything to help us get rid of the lycans? And then we play both sides of the coin.


Every organ in a body has an entrance and an exit, right? Wait, no, lungs don't; they just have the one.


Heavy. Heavy's good. Yeah.


Man, don't I know it.


Cay-Cay, not to be confused with Kiki.


It takes a good month to bathe a room in that much self-loathing.


So that you can heal.


That's what happens when you sell out, man.


Because why would Vax have anything, I'm the one with the bag of colding.


I'm not going to look for boo-- Oh god.


Yeah. (crossbow sound)


She's got 20 gold.


One of them was Taliesin's announcement that he has some show on Wednesday nights.


He's made of dice!


Stealthy searching!


Nine. At a disadvantage.


Oh. But you talked about getting people out.


Oh, but maybe it's nurtured by--


Because it's my dexterity modifier plus my proficiency bonus, right?


I still haven't read it! I need to!


We had quite a night together. Just braiding each other's hair.


That's how drunk we are!


We can't run.


(gasps) What if K'varn is a dragon? What if-- oh wait, I don't know anything about that. What was that symbol anyway, Tiberius?


I look around. (yells back) Everything looks good!


All right. Six!


Bring it.


Three hours later, we are still trying to open the door.


No one's around us, though?


Sup, guys. How was your night walk?


I can't use Luck on the lower of those two?


I didn't get that sense at all.


My turn? Is it my turn? Sure. I'll go ahead-- Since she's a tiny dwarf, I'll--


(sings) Stanky. (giggling)


I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'm with Scanlan.


What? Here it comes. Here comes the battlemap. Here it comes.


My charisma modifier is zero.


Okay, okay, okay. 16.


It's a smaller group.


You probably just breathed out hard.


Nott, I'd ask if you have any reservations, but you seemed very enthusiastic about today's--


New campaign.


I suppose we'll need him for now, yes.


Okay, I'm getting out.


Athletics. I don't know what to add, but it's 19 plus whatever. Strength?


He's being waterboarded.


I feel like we grabbed it, right?


I wish I had hair like that.


Can we be the monks from Monty Python?


Perhaps not.


Keyleth flies down and lands on Pike's shoulder.


Two questions. Are we all going? And question two, when we get there and find a suitable location for carving caves, are you going to do this right now, or are we just scouting?


There once was a player--


Yeah, Trinket!


Oh! You get to choose?


You should wear it like bling. Get a chain for it. That'd be great.


It comes from the Elvish words, I'm surprised. Growth and protection.


Does it ever stop?


To killing Vecna?


You have the bag.


This essentially allows me to--


Oh, well, that was taken from me a very long time ago. I only have what they call me. You know, names are an odd thing, aren't they? Sometimes a name can stick to you like blood on a knife or your fingers on a wallet that might not be your property, and then who you were is not who you are and yet... here we are.


What do we do with him so nobody sees him?


I thought she said the door was just barely open.


We just went to the closest pub.


It has to be within 30 underwater to hit?


Are we not all intrigued by things that don't belong or seem out of place?


But I haven't done that because I've already jettisoned this one water, and then now I'm trying to use the remaining--


All right. In that case--


Declining it? For any specific reason or did they just change their mind?


Let’s just get one.


So that we can be near the tree to protect you.


Well, you live your life how you want to--


Or through it. 17.


Hit under his arm! Hit his ribs like you did with me! Hit his ribs!


Are you going to die? Pike, you mean the world to me. Listen, I couldn't go on--


It feels far when you're little and you've been living in a box.


Phillip. Full name, Phillip.


Answered my question. I was curious what flanking was.


That was a very good threat!


Ooh, what is that all about?


It's really cool, it's here somewhere. I don't know where.


We can throw up some statues and cause some havoc, but if they have these orbs that communicate with each other, then the white can call Thordak and say: Hey, what's up with these statues? And Thordak can say: No, it's not me.


I'm so confused. I've never had another male do that to my body. He shimmied on me. And then he punched me. And then he kicked me in the jellies. I turn around and I leave. (gasping)


No, there were bodies everywhere! Children! Women! They were stapled to the ceiling! And then there were just horrible--


We should probably get back very quickly, before too much time passes. We've already slept here.


Yes, she does.


Split the city up? Set them on different paths?


With such dedication!


As I hear the noise, I--


Bullshit? What are you talking about? She's the greatest person in the world.


I roll?


I take out that heavy cloak and I put it over my damn head.


I've never gone that far in a battle before. I didn't even know that was possible. This was incredible. I'm talking a lot, aren't I? I have a bit of a man crush--


11 points of cold damage.


Why didn't you check up on the earring, dude?


I mean, they probably have a key to General Krieg's place. We can just barge on in.


Does it have any aroma?


Is it Doty-shaped?


I'll also save the flowers in a separate pouch.


(yelling) That was for the crew!


Who are you attracted to? Do you like me? Are we friends? Do you really like me and stuff?


All right. Let's go check out this house.


I'd say we pull off if we see something really nice.


Or while they were in here.


Oh. I hold up mine, too.


I some visions of where sort of-- 'Cause I kind of went in past and then got to this thing. So I guess depending on where we are--


The BAFTAs already happened. She didn't.


Wait. I've already hit. Forget that. Forget that! Eight, so 12 damage.


Okay, rubbing against Fjord. Like this.


On us, or on the--?


Here's some cheese! (all laugh)


Everybody tweet Laura tomorrow at noon, saying--


And a big windup as we're coming down.


Does that mean you choke?


That'll do it.


Nonagon?


Somebody get that woman a drink. It's on me.


There's no bad idea when we're workshopping.


We'll see how this goes. No.


I love it.


Leave it in the trash. That's not bad, that's not bad.


All right. I'll sleep it off.


Oh, that's pretty cold.


And wait, before I did that, I get my broom ready, and then I'm going to do what I said.


On you?


You're in good company right now.


Yeah, owl's by the cart.


Disadvantage!


Nine points of damage.


That's pretty good. (all cheer)


Okay. I'll use one action to get closer still. Okay.


They're all horrible.


Half a boar meat. I have no idea what that means.


Or Kiri can stay here with these wonderful children.


Are you guys-- oh, sorry.


Oh shit. Okay.


Did I see where the ejection of acid came out from?


Okay, so that's seven points of psychic damage, and 36 points of normal damage!


I join Caleb, because I went pee last time when you guys went to go to Pumat's.


I start doing that and revitalizing their landscape as close to what it was before, giving their-- [no audio]


You only have three chances if you roll, fail, three times, you die.


I say we take a recess. Gather our thoughts. Raishan, my offer still stands. If you want to come and find me, I know you know how. Maybe we can commune with Melora together.


Oh, what a waste. Because it was red. Motherfuck. Okay, then I'm going to Hunter's Mark that big guy and I'm going to shoot him with a flaming bowstring.


I drop my elemental form.


If we are, I will prep my Wind Wall spell to encompass us for one more round.


Fan out a little bit.


Perhaps, but the water breathing sounds good to me. I feel like a head-on--


I take my staff and bat him away like a helium balloon. Just start batting him back over away from it.


(muffled) It's okay. I'm okay in here.


He couldn't make it. Him and Laura couldn't make it this year, but for the best reasons possible, because they just had a beautiful little baby boy, Ronin. I know. He's such a buddy! I thought maybe we could Facetime him and sing Happy Birthday. Is anybody interested in that? [cheering]


I could try and talk to them, but that never goes well, let's be real. So I'm going to cast Wind Wall. Okay, here's my question. I'm having a hard time seeing, so help me. That's me. Who's that?


I don't think we want to deal with them, though.


I'll just back up even further.


I don't know how I'd give it back.


Did you guys get anything I should put in the Bag of Holding? Any cool trinkets and bits?


I'm going to pull out both my swords, and I'm going to drag them--


I get advantage as a gnome.


Or you could hit them while they're down and help them bleed out.


Matt got a cloak.


It's my last spell slot.


Really? Really?! I'm offended. And I'm hurt.


Negative.


Yeah, she was very large.


You added all your shit to that?


To be fair, the die didn't dodge the earth.


You said that's north?


So that did not get destroyed, then, it got damaged?


My-- which one?


That was a bon--


I think we need to not go towards the hut.


I drop to my knees. My lady,


You get to pay property taxes!


Check it out everywhere.


We're going to be swimming for a while. You're gonna make me cry, dear. We're going to be swimming for a little while, all right? Do you feel okay with this?


I don't know. And if you don't know, make me believe it.


Where is he? Where are you, Scanlan?


We sit.


Heal Yasha too, she's really low.


I knew that was going to happen.


Guys, let's go kill gnolls.


That's what Cali said.


She's letting Grog go first.


My knowledge is limited to what I've journeyed through before. The Inkclaw is closer, we could try there-- at least set course for that direction. How does that sound?


That's actually how Purvon dressed.


Sure. So I got this drunk guy on the street and I was like, hey, pull out a card. And guess what? He pulled a card, and he got wishes!


I seem to have stumbled somewhere where I am not welcome.


One black and one red?


This is impervious to-- yeah.


It was about ten seconds behind, mostly. Hi guys.


I got up to it and listen.


How many glasses did you have?


Well, get him up.


Yeah, like when parents have a baby, you don't see them for a while. They're with that baby every hour, every minute. (yelling)


And back up just a little bit. Yeah.


Everybody send Sam a tweet. He's going to be crying at the outset of his team. Sam, a moment of silence.


She's okay.


We need to buy some diamonds.


I have a weasel and I don't want to take him underwater.


This thing is on the ground now?


Garmelie...


If he hits zero, okay, I have a question.


Wizard of the Day?


Any sort of advantage?


No, and I don't know if it's really gonna work.


Yeah. In the mirror.


How do we get all the prisoners out very quickly?


Well, I'm intent on continuing on with my Aramente now that there's relative peace in the world. The Vesrah people are quite insular, of course. I was wondering if you could give me some advice on how to get there and any advice in general on dealing with them?


Cool. (laughter)


One attack? Okay.


Did you plan that?


He's at a two!


Great. I'm going to disengage.


But can you put it in the Bag of Holding?


I don't need to dash.


And we'll fly over to the side of the cave-in?


Okay, so I can't do that. I think I'm going to cast Hold Monster.


Merch update! There's merch still in the store!


Didn't we find, like, four manacles? And there were four dead bodies, too, right in the other room?


We knew we were going to say it.


Look, I don't mean to have resting bitch face, okay?


I want to be able to hop on because I want to head that direction afterwards. All right.


A boulder or something.


But there's smoke coming out of it!


Oh my god. We're going to die.


Can I roll a hit dice to recover some--


Much better.


One, two, three--


I druidcraft the shit out of those.


(mimicking Ashley) Hold on, hold on. Lengthy hand-razor. (More laughter)


Scanlan's getting whaled on.


I noticed that she kind of had the same influence over the blood that you have, but different.


I'll sleep it off, it's fine.


Just talking to my boobs. No big deal.


Do you want to say?


This is crazy.


Oh, okay, well, I mean, mm! But hey, if I still haven't convinced you, don't take my word for it! Are we still--


What would you do if you had the thing back, or--


I'm going to try and keep pace with that thing. Is it following me?


Don't face-plant on a reef!


Yeah, I would like to smash my gauntlets together and cast Enlarge.


That thing's fixed in space.


I'm going to keep going and you said roll--


This is the perfect opportunity!


You know, I had hoped we'd have the Gate Stone for this moment, but--


Would it be a dark iron cobalt band?


Said Kathleen Turner.


We kind of were, though.


They're--


Or we should check out the stuff that we got out of the den where Raishan was.


Yes, so I was casting that as a level three spell. I roll 3d-- that means I roll 3d10.


(bear noises) Where's Vex? Vex?


And the compass.


Can we hide the bodies?


We also probably want to alert the mortal coil that everything has gone to shit.


Lot of things going on in Matt Mercer's head right now.


Good call. I'll get out my disguise kit and put a mustache on the spider.


I try it again.


All right, I'm going to shoot out my fucking wings and I'm going to Hunter's Mark the asshole, and then I'm going to skip--


No, I’ll do the same thing to get us down.


Wait, does that require attunement?


First drink's on her.


What do you mean, his soul could be inside of it?


So I would be going northeast from the Crossroads? Or if I wanted to go in the Bramblewood I would have to southwest to get to the Frostweald?


What about Trinket?


So maybe underground if they can.


Over there. I point and I start climbing over and try to get to it.


It's probably about time to go pick up the bear claws.


You brought him biscuits? Oh, she fed the stray. That's adorable.


Within, something's up, mm-hmm.


I'm going to move over to the throne.


Yes! 16.


Hitting zero's unconscious, and then going past your total HP kills you.


What's up, Thieves' Guild. 'Sup.


All right, we'll catch up.


Okay. That’s fine. 7 points.


She really wants to go to the docks in Emon.


Can I reach underneath the desk and behind it? Underneath it.


Flow in.


Magic, it's tricky.


I'll explain later, just go with it please?


I will. Keep up the good work. (whoosh)


Want any booze? Oh, you don't drink.


I can't do this. I can't go in there.


Participation awards all around.


Okay, then I go down.


We need two rakshasa eyes, one rakshasa tongue, one rakshasa heart, two rakshasa claws, and two rakshasa canine teeth. So canine.


Oh really? Five, ten, 15, 20.


I'll just stay right on the path.


Is that a group question?


I'd like to go into a frenzied rage, and I would like to see and swing away at Lord Briarwood.


If you guys think this is the most brilliant decision, I'm on board.


Oh, she's casting Pass Without A Trace.


Oh. 22.


She just is a people person!


It's dead.


You can make this go away at any time.


Weird question, really quickly. Where is that giant log trap?


That is true. When it comes to dice.


He looks fine. It's all in his head.


Oh. I thought you were going to say something. That was a belch?


Okay, 17 plus seven.


Well, I got a little blood lusty after that. I'm so sorry.


Can I move any? Can I back out of wherever I am? Where am I?


I think that I have not seen anything like this before, but have I?


I get back on top of Algar and I'm restraining him, pinning him down.


Yeah, there’s no Bag of Holding in here. So why don’t we go upstairs now that it’s off and we’ll leave it here, and I’ll be the last to leave with it.


(singing) D&D!


Athletics check.


Oh, isn't it my spellcasting modifier?


I was going to say, what if we turned ourselves into something else and snuck out, and they would think that we're still in this building? Anything that was tracking us.


We're going to use a previously existing sewer system, and we're just going to reinforce it with pillars and then block off any of the sewage and re-route it, since it doesn't have to handle the load that it used to.


Well, they're not local. They're coming into town. They're coming into town in five to seven days.


Actually, a lot of people tell me that I look like him anyway.


So I roll...


It's the rakshasa! That's him!


Okay. I'm going to shoot a crossbow bolt at that fire.


Here you go. 1500 gold.


Yeah! All those years ago?


Is he the dumbest?


(singing) I say bitch...


I'm not good at joking.


Tonight I'll see if maybe I can get some answers. But should we-- do we do this tonight, this mind-reading serum?


Okay. So the first attack was 18 plus-- sorry, it was 30--


What is that mark on you?


No, we're all back together now.


This is a world of magic and delight!


That's true. It'd be nice having you around for a bit.


Oh, why?!


So when we get through the void, and maybe we can do a Locate Object and then Pass Without a Trace, and then I'll cast Animal Shapes, and then we go.


I'm going to use that one. Take that one back with me.


(gurgling noise) 23.


I'm going through my vast array of cloaks. (laughter)


Not me, Pikey! Pike? Pike, you got any undo magicky things?


Are you saying for your final bullet, you want us to stop you?


I have a question. Because he attacked me, do I get my retaliation attack on him?


Well, apparently you do, darling.


I will take the left one if the clerk went down the right side.


Go ask one of the Bastion guys what it was.


You want to share a room?


You should switch.


Is it organic?


What if we get her one of those child leashes?


Yes, why not?


Poor son of a bitch.


Well, I will say, I am a little concerned about, you know, loose ends coming to bite you, and us in the butt. However--


She did, yeah.


You're pretty smart, Grog.


Twiggy.


Shittycreek.


We'll never know.


It should speak pretty loudly that we came to you first. That's how much we trust you.


Ashley, even you don't believe that.


I'll simply sign it with  How much?


We'll go to the Fire Plane and get them and we'll pick up an object and we'll fight a dragon. It will be great.


We're bad at everything.


Magic carpentry.


And that's all I can do, right?


Well, I don't know what I'm supposed to do with this, now.


Who would be so foolish? Little would they know, they'd be tangling with Avantika's crew, and that's something they don't want to mess with, right?


I like his style!


Literally dancing around.


Tales of the worst greenhorns you've ever worked with.


I'll forego my room. I just want to sleep sitting up.


It's not my first roll at it, so, yeah.


So why do we do it?


While we're standing around, I'd like to reassign the earrings to Vax, Grog, and Scanlan.


I miss Scanlan Shorthalt so badly.


You know, you're only talking to yourself. We all know.


Charisma saving throw against my spell save DC, which is not huge.


"Amulet of Natural Armor?"


Actually, I would say let's get a good look at the tree, let's walk by it.


Oh. Fine.


They're not wearing sombreros or anything.


I'm sorry, it's very noisy in the shop. What did you say?


I can help you remember, Percy. Just look into my eyes.


It feels kind of cheap.


(laughs) I know.


Is it falling towards us?


So good, you have enough for everybody to get back to max. So that's the thing, everybody's back at max.


Vax, don't try anything.


I want to know who he is, though.


Wasn't there a woman who was also (whispers) part of the Knights of Requital?


Of course! Doty, go fetch some water for these fine gnomes.


Fancypants, yes.


Tell us more, holy hooligan, tell us more.


Yeah, there was a "whoa" there. We will all get yelled at on the internet if we're wrong.


The Deathwalker's Ward is set to fire.


I thought we called you.


And I just take whatever leftover action I have to be like, Vox Machina, come on!


I'm my own worst enemy! I'm going to do a knee and a round kick-- Oh no, sorry. I can just do one. I'm thinking in advance. One kick with the knee!


They take 2d6--


I did say that. I kind of did. I was like, Gentleman.


Nope. No stuffed beds, no recordings on the old VHS.


We all know-- I'm not going to touch it-- the gangplanks are open.


Sure. I put my hands on either side of his face. Can I see anything weird?


No, but we should all replenish our personal--


Of toxin? Can I grab those?


Where does he get such wonderful toys?!


And I'm taking a swing.


Lean him up against the wall! Like he's standing there.


Can we back out and see how far the range goes? Is it the same distance as our ziggurat?


Yes, I think so.


Okay, first attack is a 29.


I punch it again.


I keep running by them right up the hill.


Oven mitt?


He wears jewelry.


All right. Can I tuck back in?


How loud was this Fireball?


Steven Seagull. That's good.


Don't worry, my sister's a ranger. She can track anything.


10,000 gold! What do you think it is? Do you think it's a dragon or something crazy like that?


Pike killed a dragon.


This is a level of pain I've only dreamed of; I'm very excited.


I have a little poison bolt. Do you want one? I've just been holding onto it. If you have a crossbow?


Yeah, I'll use Friends to add to that intimidation. So, is that advantage?


Vex, what you saw through the window, should we move through the castle quickly because it's unguarded?


We have to burn the heads.


No, probably not.


I promise you I will give it back.


I think they said they announced they're opening one. I think.


Oh man, that was a lot.


Yeah, and it's pretty cool, so there's that. And that's in the store right now! Go check it out.


What, you numb your own tongue with that one?


I think the members of Vox Machina should get them.


They're darts. I think they're homebrewed darts.


So are you both healed now?


H--


Terrible again. Six points of damage.


Also. This will just take ten seconds, at some point in the week, when Keyleth is taking a walk, I go into her garden, and I clip one flower, and I take it.


Can I try opening it?


So she said she was selling it, and I said, "Wouldn't that draw attention to the tavern, though?" and she said no, just her. But if it does, and she knows, then maybe it could lead the guards to us, though.


I want to look for any imperfections in the stairs that look like they could collapse at any time or they could be unsafe.


You're quite welcome, Jumbo.


We catch up on so much gossip.


That's a nice letter.


Nobody. We all ate it.


Are we trying to get back on the boat now?


You want me to wake him up?


Give me a dexterity check, Matthew.


190.


Intelligence of six. It takes a second!


I could try, yeah. It's mainly if I breathe, it's more acid. But I can control some fire as well.


He's checking Twitter.


Look, I was just making shit up on the fly, all right?


There's got to be a way to turn off the enchantment, maybe.


What does the Mace of Disruption do to undead?


Especially if we're staying on the main path, you know, we'll see anything that pops up.


I don't think that it's smart to put every potential ally we know in one spot. Can we not divide it up? Can we not find places nearby?


Ugh, what is he saying? Oh my god.


And when I cast Seeming, I also cast it on myself, making myself look like an azer?


Have you picked it up? Maybe it changes shape.


Can we quietly open the door?


It's both. (laughter)


We scooped it up?


Okay, so.


I go and put it in the party funds. We got our gold.


Okay, if that's what you want to do.


No, we just heard about it.


My servants start instinctually stroking you. Touching your hair.


Like the blue hair.


I think we should go, yes.


Here's the big roll, guys.


Don't be sorry. I understand now. And I don't think that you're lost in any way. I think if you felt in some way that this is who you've needed to follow, then follow her.


Oh, I don't suppose we need you any more, do we? I'm going to take out my sword and very slowly end that.


I have a feeling they were very upset when we killed the blue one.


Not in a chocolate egg. Then he looks like a guy in a mascot suit at a Winter's Crest fair.


Why don't we start by going around where Fitz and Ashton lived and then maybe we can pay a little visit to Rissa's pops?


One person should leave with it. I'll leave with it.


Can I say that as soon as I left this chamber I tagged along behind my new monk best friend and sent the globules in the air around us even though she has the goggles, and I'm, while walking, trying to read every page of that journal. And will continue to do so on the boats.


I'm going to sit down near where the Far Plane portal is.


And when you are. Look, we all get sad. I want you to know that. I haven't told you really any of this, but I also had a lonely childhood.


You're putting the hurt on him.


Bonus action?


(scoffs and laughs) Is he serious?


It said evil skull in Brimscythe's-- 1/21. We found an evil skull in Brimscythe's house. It may be connected to Craven Edge. And I put stars next to it.


2016, bitch.


Let's plunge in.


But seriously, I eat some because I'm-- Keyleth's a little hungry.


Oh my god. I saw some early black and white pages today.


Whip out the purple hand, man!


Quick question  while I'm with my new friends, in any moments that they're not telling me to go somewhere or walk somewhere, can I just look at the symbol on my hand?


We're all going to fight.


Do it. Do it now.


Pike grew up on the outskirts of town, near the Bramblewood. Her ancestors were a family of deep gnomes with quite an unfavorable reputation. Thievery, destruction, and trickery left them with the curse of the last name Trickfoot. Sarenrae, the goddess of healing and redemption, had other plans for Pike's great-great-grandfather Wilhand, who left his family at a young age after a dream: a dream that changed the course of the Trickfoot family. Wilhand devoted his life to Sarenrae and pledged from then on that him and his family would live a life of service and devotion. As a child, Pike seemed to have an affinity to heal. Whether it was animals, people, or even flowers, she felt she had a purpose in making things whole that had once been broken. She studied and learned the ways to heal though divine magic. She lived a peaceful life, quiet and simple, until one day, Wilhand was captured and almost killed by a group of goliath barbarians. One of the goliaths took a stand against the murder of the innocent gnome and he himself was beaten, bloodied, and left for dead, abandoned by his herd. Wilhand went to Pike for help. She prayed and healed this barbarian as best she could, bringing him back to life. When he awoke, she discovered his name was Grog Strongjaw. After that, they were best of friends, a rather unlikely pair. Little did she know that in a few years' time, Grog would soon return the favor and bring her back from the clutches of death. (roar, crunch) After being killed in battle, Pike felt angry. She wanted to be stronger so that it would never happen again. She spent four months at sea training with the men and women aboard a ship called the Broken Howl. Gripping her holy symbol in one hand, and her morningstar in the other, this time, Pike is ready.


Where we're up and out.


No, are you going to set the books on fire?


Can I take a swing at the jewel that I was holding my hand over?


How quickly do those things move?


That's an entire conversation for later.


It's all right, it's only been a couple of years.


Senokir, can we--?


I don't think so. It didn't look like where I was. All I know, it was that big old meanie Sir Cadigan who put me in there.


No, that was real and incredible, and you all showed up.


How do we tell the people to like hold off?


(fart sounds)


Is it a big vase?


He's raging, dude, and he's had a really great sleep in the sand.


I must go. I have other work to do to start preparing--


She's in the tent. She's in the tent, right?


(deep voice) If I'm good at reproductions.


Yes! Hey, Vinny!


Really? That maybe changes things.


I'm sword out. Yeah.


What are all the tents and houses made of, anyway?


Do I do that too or no?


You did some crazy shit with that sword of yours.


I'll start coming that way, too. Not a full-- it's six spaces., so--


How long does your unseen servant last?


Ooh, can you get-- oh no, that's too far away.


Aw, Matt.


Why do they not make that?


Really, really far in for Keyleth, actually.


I can make the illusion of a head talking. Wizard of Oz-style.


Yeah! It's all ours! It's a party room now!


It's pretty freaky.


Bitch of a fucking marshmallow!


No, the ice is only a foot thick, coating what is normally a temperate region.


You! You! I'm not going to fall for that!


No, we're going to give him shit. There's no problem here.


We like untrustworthy people. None of us are trustworthy; it's good.


Much better. 14 points of damage.


That's the second time that's happened.


We picked up on that.


Towards the guy standing next to-- the guy standing next to Marius.


Reckless. This is two more attacks?


The button.


I'll step up behind you.


Don't go too high.


I'm going to see if I can find any tracks.


My liege.


Oh, let's go on the way. It's like on the way, practically.


You wanna fly it up to the door?


Not saving throws.


Yasha, have you ever seen anything like this happen before?


(clears throat) I was gonna say, I'm still a cat form. But I can accompany you.


I mean, you just  Hey, bees. How're you doing?


Once the Briarwoods are gone, I think a lot of this will get a lot easier.


It's a match-three game, right?


Okay. I want to look around. Do I see any type of movement in the shadows, anyone looking suspicious?


Altar boys.


We're going to Disney!


Yeah, the trophy was a warning. He lost his legs.


Fuck that!


How do we fit it in this bag? Is it magic?


(guttural, growly) I want a blondie so bad!


Was he kind of like, Fassbender size-ish, or?


He's what?


Wait, what happened? Oh, he was just unpoisoned.


I didn't leave with a lot of friends last time I was here. So I'm trying to keep a low profile.


Until we touch it, so we need to get in a Goodfellas circle around it to decide who's going to beat the shit out of him, and don't touch it before that moment.


I beat the shit out of the cow. (All groan.)


Percy's turned into Rambo.


Well, unless we hear a feasible plan for doing that first--


Because Polymorph only lasts for, like, an hour. What else you have?


46.


There are-- options.


That’s okay, I still rolled really great. (all laugh)


I made friendship bracelets, she worked on her alchemy. So--


Son of a b.


Excuse me! Ma'am?


Half damage! Okay so that's still 3d10 of cold damage


They suck you up.


I serve nature. I'm a maker of fine graves.


Trammel him!


What the--


Let's do it! Fuck it!


Assume we're going through everybody and taking their shit.


If we can talk to them, but we have to talk to them.


Wait, what if it's single use only?


What is it, at the bottom of the temple?


Oh wait, do we have to cast-- Do we have to have a-- Distraction!


Is it a super long-- like a tower?


I'm a warcaster, though, man! Because that's eight, so I just have to get over a ten, right?


We're going to sleep.


In newspapers everywhere?


I saunter up. Hello.


No, remember? There was one, the poison dust one which we're immune to still.


Do you want to burn them for light?


And set up an ambush?


I take a moment to marvel at how a being of such ferocity and power can be such a doofus at the same time. It's amazing.


So, Uncanny Dodge, I can dodge for half damage, so it was a what to hit?


That's a Jean-Claude Van Damme.


So I didn't get his attention?


Can we put some rum in it?


Shut up. 15.


He didn't look very happy.


-- what I was going to see if we--


And for that, I won't say very much.


We're god hunting without you guys. It's weird.


If I had resistance to poison damage because of the Belt of Dwarvenkind, is that halved?


Greetings and salutations. I am Tiberius Stormwind. I hail from a town called Ty'rex, located in the heart of Draconia. From a politically respected family, at the age of 15, I succeeded in passing the Sorcerer's Rite, showing prodigy-like control of my magic. The judges and the Draconian high council were amazed at how powerful my spells were for how long I had been training. At 20 years old, I was the youngest appointed member of the magic guild in Draconian history. For the next few years, I almost went mad from the malaise of being a guild member, as it's rather boring. However, one day I happened upon a chamber, unused for quite some time.


