So I take two steps to my right, so no one else is in the line and I will lightning it instead.


The burn that I feel. There's no question what it is for him.


I'm going to reach the tower thing and push myself up through.


I'm going to look in the carts.


And an important message.


Was mine nice? Did anyone come? I guess not; you were on the ocean. Did you say anything?


Which is your stealth, right?


Are you alive?


Arcane-iosity is what he's trying to say.


Much worse from the other end, I guarantee.


I'll do whatever you do.


I'm going to instantly throw a robe over top of Scanlan. You've got a robe on you now. I put a robe on, too.


I'm also holding onto Delilah.


She's got blood on it. She's doing a magic ritual.


Give him a little hot cocoa, warm blanket, he'll be fine.


It's pretty tight. Oh my god you can fucking fly!


I'm going solo. (sighs)


Can I use passive perception?


My dice suck.


We need this sack to keep our stuff in it.


Wait, can you still tree-bamf us out of harm's way if we needed to?


I'll just give him mine. (laughter)


Yeah, no fucking -


I know you do! But you won't say it.


It look like lightning corn on the cob.


Hm, I'll take it. I was just gonna gift it to you, but I'll take the gold.


You wrote a letter?


Trebuchet sounds pretty fucking sweet.


I want to do an Evasion, that's an area effect!


Germans don't tell jokes. (laughter)


How long can I make the wall? I can make the wall...


Seeker Asum. Is he around? Do we see him anywhere?


Fjordy. Fjord and a half.


Assist?


Yeah. Worth it.


Yep, that's me.


I've been an extra set of eyes in the library.


That was a 10.


How you doing, Kaylie?


Hercules Mulligan!


We ain't found shit.


I get the distinct impression that most people here are painstakingly honest, which is the horrifying thing about a place like this.


Like, his head bits?


And I'm well aware that someone like you could find a good use for someone like us.


Is there any residue, blood?


She's going to Marquet. Is that where you're going?


Hello, bees.


Why does Halas like us?


I'm here? What?


It's been a minute.


I don't have a jam?


No, you have the one. Don't you have the one?


What was in there?


We're here to seek an audience, and we would be more than happy to have an escort. This is an audience that the king is going to wish to take.


A werebear there.


Not next week!


Two orcs, what did we, two--


I'm going to be real shitty and stealth up and peek in and see what she's up to.


Burlap sack or something? Anybody?


(shouting) Let's put it in the big thing!


Send money.


I'm going to ask Caleb to waltz with me.


No wait, don't. You'll kill her.


Can we break down the cages easily, or bring the cages off the cart?


I agree with Jester here.


Swabby.


He's in there by himself, and no other are enemies.


Does your creepy undead brain remember how long it takes before we die if we don't breathe? Do you remember that?


(mockingly) I can't do anything. I suck.


She is superstitiously leading us around, just smelling.


Don't know if a lesson was learned here, but all right, let's continue on.


As they leave, I spank Grog hard on the ass and say, money was meant to be spent!


Oh no, we're real good! You definitely want us to be in this. We put on a real good show!


We want to keep going, don't we? As fast as we can.


Oh, we're going to do a ventriloquist act.


All right. Are you accustomed to buying things?


That's a lot of tree to search, it could be way up, it could be in a branch.


While we walk.


I'm going to fly back into the-- I'm going to fly around the back of the big building.


In my heart, I am a kitty cat.


I like gold.


We still have some cloaks.


Well, technically, we still have seven days.


Old rocks. Not the kind of rocks one finds in ivory towers.


He broke it. Grog broke it.


I mean, we could try.


That's too bad.


I can cast Light and get us down there.


Do we recover our point of exhaustion when we sleep?


Oh, now you're all screwed up.


She doesn't like to throw daggers. She only likes to throw--


How about this-- so, just to clarify, are we all going up the same staircase, or are we going up two separate staircases, Vex and Vax--


It is customary in our culture to seal a deal with a drink.


Wait! I have something else. Then I show the hand of Arkhan.


Pretty sure that's true.


Good play, good play.


That's super weird. He seems like a nice, normal person here.


He's still Hunter's Marked, which is remarkable.


Now, listen. This is an ally. You're all right, yeah? You're okay.


We're gonna go learn about scary things, though.


Oh, I don't know why I took advantage.


How good a job did you do on our stuff?


Think about when we got our flying carpet. Like, we didn't mean to get the flying carpet. We ended up bringing the entire tower down upon ourselves, right?


Vax? Where is Percy?


Nope, nope, let's just--


I love you. I love you. I love you. (whispering) And I'll be less of a fuckwit lately, I promise.


I come down behind her.


I wanted to return it right away, and then he wandered off. That's a lie, I didn't want to return it. But I did want to pay him!


Yeah. They might help with-- I'm going to try and see if I can use them as a very base dowsing rod for these stones.


It's real dicey at the moment.


(laughing) Competition.


We don't need to if we burn a spell, because Trinket's the one that can't fit on the carpet in the first place. Everybody else can fit on, right?


The second.


I'm putting it out there.


I feel like there's got to be another entrance because we can see another room, right?


Like a hand muff. (laughter)


Okay. All right, then I'm going to cast-- where is he? (shouting) He's in the fucking wall!


I'm cleaning off one.


It's like asking the future.


Can I sit down?


He's dumb! What if comes back and he's like 'I don't know!'?


Ooh, did anyone touch the dodecahedron yet?


It's the three of us, me and you and--


Is there anything on the floor? Any patterns on the floor?


Yeah, that one hits, 16 plus eight.


It must be nice to have the strength of Sarenrae.


But we can't see him.


All right, great. How's this work? Like that. If I can run right between Pike and this little brain jerk right here, does that get me within five feet of Elder Brain if I'm there? I can't tell from the structure.


Barry Paddington is actually-- has got a nice ring to it.


I grab his collar. I pull him back.


That's the guards?


We're killing something?


What's my running speed?


Okay, you're good.


All right, I'm taking-- I'm taking another aimed shot at the-- I'm taking another head shot. Straight into the face.


Okay. Yeah, I'll move back.


It was such a good idea.


Are you sure about that?


Don't judge.


Oh, you're right. So a regular. I can only do a regular attack. Okay, so regular attack. Oh, that doesn't hit. That's a 16.


I've heard.


Can I go on the broom with you, Scanlan?


All right! What's five plus eight? Is that 13?


Do we have the Gate Stones? Both of them?


(laughs) Whoa.


Can you teleport something out of a bag?


That's different.


I grab a poker and I take a corner.


All right. Plus six? 16.


Kaylie?


No Coke, Pepsi. And the bone devil's a real problem, I suppose.


It's going to be fun! Savage burning--


Is that what skein means?


That's on one side of the passage that we are in?


Big bonus.


How'd you do?


Okay. Am I close to Keyleth at all?


But they might be a bit more open-minded to people sharing in that knowledge if they were the right type of person, say?


I'm not even sure if that's something that should be entertained.


You're giving this to me?


Yeah, it lasts for a while.


And whatever the closest building is closest to the sword.


We have to run down in?


Grog, please don't stomp.


Okay, keep going, it's around the rock.


Well, ball sack. I can't move very fast now, can I?


It is true, that's why we're hanging back behind the door. Do we think we should go clockwise or counter-clockwise?


One less pirate and one less shipper trying to prove himself a hero. Thought he could stand up to the lot of us.


He doesn't look like a Briarwood.


He'll be fine. He'll be fine!


Gust of Wind.


There will be a few more through, possibly tomorrow, with word.


What are the halls of Pandemonium?


Do we leave the room?


T-pose, please.


Strength saving throw.


Natural 20. (surprised laughter)


Reverse cowgirl.


If it's on the way sure.


That's not good? Okay.


We slow-motion walked into our own death.


If I were expecting people, I'd expect them through the entrance I take or the cave-in, not a third entrance I don't know about, though. Assuming they don't know about it.


Maybe you can cast Grasping Vine on his chin and grow it out.


Correct. It would be super unfortunate to see someone else slide in there, other than him. But like you said, not our problem.


Wait, before you do it I'm going to Guiding Bolt him, so you get advantage.


Or he's totally encased by the material and if we unearth him--


We should protect her. She should be towards the back.


I just had the itch.


You might. I'm not gonna--


(counting) 12 and then the radiant damage. 2d6. So we're at 12 plus five plus-- no, once per turn. 17.


We're all in the same enclosed space?


Through Skype, it's like my niece sat down at the table to start playing.


She's necessary and she's of use, and I like that.


That's-- my brain is made of swiss cheese. Here we go. 1d10 plus 1d6, so that's-- yeah, that's nice. So that's, oh yeah, that's really good. 26 points of damage, plus six points of psychic damage, and just because I'm irritated by this thing, I'm gonna drop some Cabal's Ruin into it. Let's just drop-- where's my pen? Here's my pen.


Is that a cave? I think your eyes are better than mine. TRAVIS. Yeah. With my darkvision, can I zero-in on what she's looking at?


Which we don't know--


Either way, I'm entertained. Nothing but winners.


You could be a philanthropist.


I know, and my bonus action!


And he should give one to us. What would you wish for?


Oh my goodness! What is that?


He said no, it would take a while.


It was great. Do I need to make another stealth check at this point?


Percy was having-- you were having an episode. And locked yourself in the basement.


Which water did you go in?


I shout out  (singing) Anna-anna, bo-bana, banana fana fo-fana, hey fi-fo-mana. Fuck you! (laughter)


Horses eat grass.


Hit it, hit it, hit it.


Are you a dragon as well?!


A thimble of it because if any of it goes missing-- Is it sealed? Can we tell if it's sealed?


Probably. We could stay here for a couple months.


Yeah? Dope.


We need to find out where they're going.


Three silver, okay. I take out the three silver. One, two, three, and I hand it over.


Tickle means right.


Give me the book. Give me the book!


Oh, you'll see.


I'm wearing a natural 20.


We discussed it so much.


I'm going to let the twins stealth ahead.


Well, I need to take a moment to find some-- I'm gonna look around and see if I can find any pitch, anywhere in the goblin camp.


You can say it in Common. He understands Common.


Load or loat?


Doesn't have Teleport?


Yes, but I think I'm more useful as myself, rather than anybody else.


We got a big battle, brother. Shouldn't have fallen asleep in that--


Call him off.


Yes, let's do that! Pub crawl!


And then what would happen? We just send the curse out of you and all is well?


How did they know that?


Oh, shit, his is huge.


Thank you guys. This has been mindblowingly fun. It's so easy to get into with all of you guys being so-- embodying your characters so well. It just is so easy.


That's a 24.


You can, like, preserve it.


And I pull out ten gold, and I spread them on her desk.


Well, if you want to get involved.


And I love you. And I give him a playful slap across the face.


Perving on Yasha.


Can I say anything?


Oh, what's the matter! Where're you going?


What would be our mission?


Do I think he's lying?


Good job, Trinket!


I think the shield and--


How big is this piece, out of curiosity?


I don't drink tea. Booze is fine.


She's nice in the middle for a good spread.


And god forbid you'll see how gracious we're feeling when we find Cassandra De Rolo unhurt.


Just in case we get hurt or something.


(whispering) We don't have a choice!


That-- What?!


I love Molly, but fuck.


Is it also yellow water?


That's probably it for the day.


I'm throwing.


Okay. Well, inside of it--


Yeah, I am.


Why? I like misery.


You know. Enough chit-chat. Let's get this shit done.


Are we talking about things in between?


(chuckles) As the fist connects and he starts to wobble, I reach over. I stand above him and grab around his waist with his back facing towards me. I lift him up over my head so that his head gets to come up and look at the crowd one last time before sending him straight back onto his shoulder blades and neck and smashing him into the earth!


It takes an action. As long as we're all in a circle holding hands.


Do you know many hobbits I have under my cloak?


(spits) I walk over to Grog, and I try to reach my arms around him and fail. You fucking fucker, come here.


If they see us? I'll bet they're the alert system.


Which means?


What if there's something in this cavern that could help us, though?


Could be. There would need to be a spot for an orb.


Can he move forward a little bit? Yeah, can he hold his attack in case he's in range?


Our staff is so unappreciated, guys.


That's cool. You guys know tents.


I can't do shit! I can't interact with anything! I'm just fucking standing here! 15 minutes. This is the best.


Very much so, okay.


Zelda has taught us we want the key.


Burn it!


Okay. And that's my whole action?


That is-- you guys.


Attacking us?


Oh. Did we kill it?


Well, do you think that's because of the Raven Queen? Or is it because of the choice of appearance I picked? I mean, we've met an albino tiefling before, it didn't seem like that outlandish a choice.


Well, you-- men are complicated.


Wow, you ran fast to catch up with me.


Where did you leave him?


Oh hello, yes?


I come over the speakers once again, the ear pieces. "I think it's time to go. Whenever you guys are ready, I want to light this bitch up."


Could go either way on that.


I don't know! Where does it say?


I'm not moving it.


Yeah, that's your job.


I'm sorry, I'm so sorry.


It grows on you so quickly, though.


What was that thing you said? Turns field?


I do. Spreading that Cobalt love.


No, we can put him in the center.


But I want to make sure.


I've still got that Heat Metal up.


It was a good bomb.


(sarcastically) You are not prepared, oh no.


(gasps) Cassandra!


Yeah. Okay.


I'm trying to get the girl. I was trying to free the damn girl.


That's why I cast it on him, man.


Curved away?


Game over!


I mean, he's a bear.


Okay, fuck!


And I'm going to Hunter's Mark the efreeti.


If we just go through with this, is there any harm in that?


How high is he?


We like everybody to walk away feeling as okay with everything as possible.


To intimidate him more. 13.


25 to hit on the first one.


Oh, all of us? Sure.


A handle, or a candle?


Nothing to obscure the view?


We can give her a little money to keep around, a retainer.


What do you have?


Would you say you haven't fully given yourself to Sarenrae?


That's insane.


Yeah, I'll keep trying to come to this wall.


Do I have advantage on this or anything?


That's like 8 00. Crazy.


Wow, I got a 20!


Cowardly gnolls, cowardly gnolls.


What if I enchant it with Daylight? Oh wait, it still won't--


16! 16!


Oh, wait, you should have gone before me. I'm sorry.


Away from the tower, with my eyes open.


Yeah, can we have the mansion?


I'm going to take her to the front of the boat and keep her far away from all that.


Oh yeah. Please.


I got this. I've got him.


Oh, he's trying to light it again.


I mended a piece of paper.


No, that's good.


Can I use my boots of Feral leaping to leap from one ship to the other?


The sword of Kas.


Where's Scanlan now?


Yeah, so Nott in front.


Also, may we take a short rest before we leave this facility?


Then I miss.


We put a hat on and it comes down to here. As I move, it slides across.


I feel like only if it's called for, yeah?


We're in, we're in.


Good call! Let's go!


Wait. I'm going to try to use one of my own cards and try to replace one of the cards.


Do I have advantage on those if I'm raging?


Okay, this is a little off-putting.


And my axe!


That is the most frightening thing--


Thank you kindly, ma'am.


Now ask. Now sing and question.


It's a start.


Okay. The construction of the tent, can I lift up the back and shuttle them out that way, or do I have to cut through it or anything?


Oh my god, we're freaking out! Keep it together!


Watch over us.


We know the other one was named Odell and he's dead. So I can go over to them and say, "They've killed Odell."


I'm just gonna hold on.


Oh, god damn. Come on, you got this. You got this, Vax.


Oh my god, why.


I couldn’t even join in because it was so good.


Scanlan, if we get through this, you know what that means, don't you?


It's called the Pillow Trove. We need to go there. But we need to look very pretty, so before that, I'm going to see if Molly wants to go get a bath.


Tell me something, how did you know about this place?


Continents. Further than you have walked in your life. We move quickly, but there is only so much that can be done.


Pull it back out.


It's okay. Again, it's not a big deal. We just have to re-enchant it. I'll find somebody powerful enough to do so.


I'm going to take all of those things.


We can bring them here.


He's saying he left with the flying carpet, Keyleth. He left with it. We don't have it.


At some point, Percy, ask Gilmore about that robe.


We'll use it to go back.


Whatever works.


Can I disengage as a bonus with Haste?


Appearances are important.


In fact, Twiggy's not even really going to wait. She starts to chase the cat. She wants to go see the cat and pet the cat.


You recognise those specific points there?


We're having a very bad morning. I apologize if we came off a little terse. All right, fine.


We will accompany you to The Squalleater.


And hell, I'll do it at a higher level.


Bigger than him?


I'm at the top of these stairs. Boy, it's hard to say because the map is gone, but I think what I will do is I'll drop out of Frumpkin for a moment and I have 30 feet of movement, so I will walk 25 feet towards those stairs.


Oh, Pike did come? We said Pike could stay, because she's not stealthy.


Why can't that be higher? 19.


Yeah, I'll take a closer look.


It would be instantaneous, at least.


Where have you been all our campaign?


So the northern house or the western house?


We need fire.


It was transmutation.


Spiritual Weapon.


Does this graveyard have catacombs? Tombs? Underground passages?


Oh, is it really? Is it fucking really?


Yeah, it's also a three.


Does anyone mind if I fill him in on the future of Draconia?


At a table or at the bar?


It's 150 feet.


We are if we wait.


You going to see anything other than me, really?


Like a gentleman.


I have never been so proud.


Let's take a look again.


Okay! I look at it and then I sit down and write the letter and go-- okay, what's her name? The High-Richter's letter's first name?


She likes jokes!


I turned to stone?


Thank you. No, it's been absolutely amazing. It really has been an honor and you will definitely be seeing me again in LA, because this was wonderful. Thank you so much.


There's no pretty way to do this.


It's extra big, that's right. It's got more sparkle to it. It's got more sparkly bits.


A reach around.


Is it possible that the rope I have to shoot is in between me and him?


Please enlighten me, Professor Grog.


Is this basically like the thing in Superman 2 where Lex Luthor's playing chess--


Indeed. So much so that we seem to have been relieved of our coin during last night's revelry.


Well, that's not true.


I got a large.


1,000 gold on the goliath.


If you rolled low enough, he'd be like, "You don't know." Seattle! You've taken us to Seattle!


Oh, fuck you, too. It's no secret that Ornna and Gustav have their differences, but this ridiculous. I mean, she knows damn well that half the circus would leave if he got fucking arrested and died.


That's 31.


Yeah. I can see everywhere, more or less, in here.


That counts as well.


Can I now use the rest of my movement to be like--


More than that in it, too, let me tell you. Just getting started. Lots of different animals. (laughter)


And I'll go with it, up.


Tickle means right; left is nothing.


Yes! It's... me! (laughter)


Can we have a hologram version of that in front of us all the time?


Oh yes, all right. Percy.


You don't really show us those too much.


Not just the ships at sea, but farmers as well, right?


You were conscious of that?


I toss a silver.


Is it colder over there? Are you guys in winter?


They're a mile and a half away, and they see us, it looks like.


(singing along with the battle music) It's the music that means we're having a fight.


What am I doing right now?


How did you make this work, Keyleth?


With Blindness.


I did like seven or 12 tracks of harmony. There's all kinds of stuff going on.


What's up, man?


I don't think I heard anything.


Huh? Oh, I'm conjuring up a little fuck you.


Me? Oh Jesus. This thing's big and scary.


What do I roll? d20?


Yes. You want to find some sort of tool that helps you do what you do best.


Before we go down, I'm going to take off my outer-- no, I can't take off anything because that's all my gear. Never mind. I don't do that, but before we go down I cast Stoneskin on myself. I cast that right now.


His symbol is a door?


Can you make one of those baby slings? Stuff her in your belt?


Thank you. My brain? Coffee. Of myrrh and--


I am injured within a centimeter of my life. This one is a nincompoop.


Until such time as someone says the fucking letters that we need, and I'm going to be ready to yell them out.


That's the end of Vax.


To-for?


Well, Allura has the skull. Do we have any way to talk to her?


Does he have an earring on? Does he have one of our earrings?


Tools and materials, delivered goods polished.


Have you been to this Crucible often, and if so, is there a champion or a favorite that you've seen or know of?


Let's go!


It's just the triangle shape, right? There's nothing else around it?


For the most part. For the most part.


Like my son's size.


You need me to speak to Avantika and Jamedi?


There's a tavern!


I swear I’ll finish it eventually. I swear, I swear.


How many spells do you have left?


Yes. Well, that's the deal.


You're feeding me a potion? Hey babe-- (gagging)


And I've got one working piece? I know each individual build, I have to build the--


It's really important, though. It's super important.


That's sad.


There's a retro tee. There's a Mighty Nein Tee. That one has been altered by Marisha Ray, but you can alter your own at home.


Do you have any of your people learning about the Briarwoods? Are they magic users in any way? Have you heard anything?


You guys want some pancakes and bacon?


Oh, what is that thing?


(sighs) Oh, that's good.


Oh, yeah. How far away is the Invulnerable Vagrant?


She doesn't like us very much.


I'll go back to the boat, then. It's fine. I don't care.


Dispel Magic?


Many ones.


Does it look deliberate, or does it look natural?


I think that that is true, absolutely.


The Stilted Bale?


I hope you don't believe that I slashed open my own body and then went to the police.


Is it fiction?


Who is invited to the party?


Disgraceful or amazing?


I can put it in the Bag of Colding, and then it'll keep it.


That's right. Oh god, I know! At least I'm not the only one that's going to get butchered. Yeah, next Tuesday, December 11th at 4pm--


Maybe some meats too, if you have any. Or cheeses.


The white one.


I'm going to pull out my adventurer's kit and light a torch, because fuck this darkvision shit.


Yeah, what do I feed it? Can we get a carrying crate?


Boulders, parchment, shears for first watch.


You were Kreoss, by the way, War Machine Tactics, Matthew Mercer is Kreoss.


That's great, but they're still in a line.


Yeah. You need me to find this thing, so I'll lead you to it.


Yeah, and I call Vex there as well.


Give me a minute. I just ate some seagull I need to wait a half hour.


See, actually, this is one of those instances where it sounded halfway between Vax and Vex--


They're birds.


I don't want it.


Thank you for the vote of confidence.


Just waiting for the other shoe to drop, here.


Long as we all jump within six seconds.


I can't get any superglue to come out of this shit. I've been biting on it. I've been doing all kinds of shit to it. We need a knife.


You got a book!


I'm coming with you, Fjord.


So all of their faces are indented?


And we're reloading to see who all has donated since. Okay, some more. HomeGrownHero. "I just got here. I missed everything. Can I watch tonight's show somewhere?" Yeah! If you're a sub, it'll be up immediately. If you're not a sub, we'll do a rebroadcast, and if you wait (whistles) four hours from now, it'll probably be back in the rotation, and by tomorrow afternoon it'll be up on the website.


"How do you want to do this?"


I go get the javelin, because it's obviously worth keeping.


And now, poop on this bed.


Okay, advantage, so that is very good. 28.


(groans) What in the-- what-- (groans)


Mid dook and check my spells.


I would like to move to the suit of armor please.


Come on, the letters.


I would've had your back, by the way, there.


I like Magneto's helmet! Or even if we--


I thought I caught all three. I really tried.


Gave you some ale.


So that's six.


I am going to beeline for the sphere.


We're all a year older now!


I could pop in on him anytime I want.


Yeah. Well, I--


No one else is going to use crossbows.


Can I go knock on Fjord's door?


Hit her with a mind bullet.


All right, come with me. You can come to my place, freshen up before dinner, and we'll have a great time.


The way he looks at you and everything stops. The way all sound fades away when he's talking.


Yes, I can yell.


No. These were dragoneye things.


Wait! He took your cards and he left?


Make it seem like it's a storm, rather than an attack.


At least one.


I know, I was just sitting on a spell that apparently I didn't know that I was going to lose the spell so I'm throwing away my plans. I had an emergency exit and now I can't use it. It's all right. Fuck it. 14.


But we can carpet or teleport.


Oh, Tiberius.


At some point there's going to be a healing spell.


Oh my gods, can you imagine what would have happened if they were all over us when we woke up?


So that we can definitely find you no matter what.


So we can see the ledge and that cavern where we were, where we found the--


Are we passing any cells?


Is it a bite attack or claw attack? Do I get to choose?


The "werbage". (laughter)


So, Percy, do you want to strike off in a random direction and just go and go and go?


Do you know any of their names, the Shepherds?


That's really gross.


Okay. I'm really smart, so I'll probably be able to figure it out. "Demedan, your request has been approved and the toordolbo extract will be arriving in a case of rose wine from the Evening Nip in the coming week. Many Gifts, The Gentleman."


Clearly, we're going to talk to El Jefe. (laughter)


Oh. Well then, is there anyone on the other side?


I'm going to-- Nope. I'm going to stay there and freeze. Freeze up. The cat's a bird and she flies up straight.


You have six seconds!


That hurts. A lot.


Come on, Trink!


Okay. I cast Cure Wounds on Yasha!


You found it.


Would I be able to discern where the assassin entered into the city?


Oh shit. Those guys are scary, I've heard of them. You should be really careful. Have you heard anything about zombies?


Scanlan's peeing, peeing down.


Yasha's stuff is still here?


Oh Jesus. I mean, Ioun.


I'm sorry to be the one to let you know. If I was there I could give you more detail, but I found out much in the same way you are.


In the best case scenario, I would say if we could hide this is someone else's room underneath their bed.


There was something I should probably tell you. In this area of land, in Vasselheim, on this continent, somewhere, I'm not sure where, resides the Fire Ashari. Somewhere in the town of Pyrah.


I'm going to whip out my flute and I start going, (wedding march).


Now we just have to Plane Shift.


No, she cannot. She won't be able to see her. If you're ethereal, you're in a different plane.


Sleep on top of it. It's in my room.


Oh, you already have it?


This is so badass!


Probably the two leftover coins that he put in the eyeballs are still there.


We have one broom, we don't have two brooms anymore. We got a carpet, and we got wings.


And can I smash the titanstone knuckles together to cast Enlarge on myself?


Don't dap me for hitting Scanlan!


Okay. I'm not getting any other pings in here?


Then you did the additional 3d6?


Concentrate. Don't cast too much shit.


So I can breathe again?


Augh! (all laugh)


Also, we might be able to find some information on the stone.


No no, we're focused. I guess we could use these pillars, but it seems like a waste of your spell to get him halfway up towards Vecna, if Vecna is flying.


Yes! Holy fuck! Pike! That was amazing!


Well, it wasn't taken from you. Okay, thank you so much. (laughter)


You fucked with the wrong one, son.


I am going to run straight towards Percy and tackle him.


Potentially, or any of them. Ulog seems the shiftiest, but that doesn't mean that he would necessarily be--


Oh my god. You're going to another plane!


(counting) 11.


I'll throw her out of there if something goes wrong.


I'm just watching and shrugging.


Yeah, they might work.


Pretend. I'm pretend handing it off.


Which one looks biggest?


That's how we would know that it was a bad guy. Okay.


Okay. She can move up to 120 feet, so she's going to float silently and be on-- yeah, behind it so it doesn't see it.


He's a magic fan.


Wait! Oh no, he's not a creature. I can't make him invisible.


You are fucking fascinated with the god damn ash.


Okay. 5d6.


Did you have a different kind of dream?


We've already done reconnaissance.


Well, then we do one of two things. We either send in Nila as a mouse to scout to see if The Iron Shepherds are in there, or we wait and we watch and we see who comes in and out. Watch the guard shifts, see when the changeover is.


You know what? I'm running in. And Keyleth, just be ready to throw it away.


The shark is literally the most dangerous thing we have.


Somewhere, Taryon is reading a history book.


Did we catch up to them?


It's just a hammer, it's not like a greatsword or a greataxe. I thought maybe it was--


I think we should stick with the go-fuck-yourself version and say "I intentionally--" he intentionally let him go, and he knew that he was going to fuck over the city and run.


So we're essentially standing in the middle of a town being like, now what?


Come on, Papa. Let's go. I turn around and I take the rest of his drink. (laughter)


Oh, yeah, let's actually do it, yeah.


My god, what the fuck is that?!


It'll be your spell plus-- Oh, it's none of these.


You might shatter that jug.


When Schmidt comes close enough, yes.


The ground floor.


Is a peeper hanging out?


Oh, lots of red circles.


Some of us can stay up. I can stay up, keep watch.


No bleeding from the ear? No bleeding from the nose?


Astronaut Ashley!


Yeah, I'm with you.


Because it's red. Natural 20!


That's a big belly flop.


No, I'm going to go to the furthest guy.


And I look--


They're speaking a language.


(gasps) Ohh...


That hits! That's a 21.


I'm really bad at charisma, you guys.


Before Percy leaves, I say, (slurs) You know, didn't think, going to be able to use the Scrying Eye, for someone who hates magic so much, might be something more to you! Boop! I saw that from Whatsherface earlier! Okay, bye, go have fun!


Way to take one for the team.


That's a power, that's amazing.


We just talked about them.


Oh shit! Kiri, come back, Kiri.


Let's get them inside.


Of course I am. I'm waiting for the DM to fill in the blanks.


Probably not, how is your esophagus after that?


You're going to action row?


He says he does.


I'm going to shoot my gun off-- get it nice and hot right at the tip and start cauterizing the wounds.


Can I leap towards him?


Okay, let's go.


There was chocolate milk on the way.


Can I get away with my bonus action? I used my entire movement to get there, didn't I? So no.


Well this Ophelia wants us to kill everyone in the motherfucking house.


Garfunkel and Oates would be amazing.


But where he is, it would be considered rough terrain?


It's so great. Picture of me, picture of me, another picture of me. I love it. (laughter)


I know, we see each other more than almost anybody else in our lives.


What do you mean? Just tell him  don't tell anyone or we'll come back and kill you.


It'll make you so happy.


Can we look around the entrance and see if anything dangerous looks like it's around? I'm looking up on the ceiling.


Like nobody's going to want metal and we're just going to be driving around that busted jalopy with a shitload of metal.


(devious chuckling)


I fall asleep 20 minutes in, drooling a little.


Aw, she's just going?


He whispers to you all the time. (laughter)


I'm scared of the bear.


Has he told you anything that he dreams about?


That one.


Two things; one, Fjord, will you pass me these cookies over here?


That looked like it went well. How bad was it?


Can I try mine?


Three coffees.


That was impressive.


Do we have chain?


Toya is back at the circus, but shaken. Very shaken.


Okay. I'm sorry, I'm so confused. Here they are. So, double damage. So that's 18, 22 points of normal damage.


That hurt.


Just stand right there.


Is it advantage because I told him where it would be?


Up and flipping back up, and I'm going get the swords out. I'm going to start slowly working on moving down the fence, with both swords doing a spin and trying to actually get a little flip going. A little acrobatic--


I just keep making people wary of me.


Radiant damage is the bomb!


That's good. Let's do that.


Checking about the health. I rolled a seven.


What do you-- what?


Okay, I feel like we're--


Hey, big guy.


I'm having trouble wrapping my head around this. You're saying everything I've lived has all been built on this deal with this shady group? You're a criminal? You're just a criminal.


Tell my sister I love her!


Did she already roll?


Yeah, and I'm going to use my Sharpshooter ability to do negative five to the attack roll, plus ten to damage.


Okay, well then, I'm going to run up to the dead body and hide behind it. Or in it.


Yeah, and we got one.


Just try and like practically usher our guards in that direction, since they seem to want to go in that direction. Let's see if we can push them in that direction.


15 is the magic number.


It's a secret nerdy language you wouldn't understand.


Great. She'll take a swipe. That is a 17.


What do I see? Can I use my oracle arrow and shoot it into it?


Arkhan does not have an arcana.


You get a 1d6 for that.


Gods. Dead. Five Seconds. Hard to beat.


You can't get hair like this without unicorn blood. My God.


I'll keep creating it in your hands as you drink.


Let's just fucking collapse it.


That'll do. (laughter)


I know, I can just put him in the crystal and then--


Well, hot damn!


Love you, Matt!


There is?! There's a me emote?


She's fucking cool.


Well, let's pick up your cloak and make our way.


I'm going to take my staff and poke it in the marshy bits.


Trinket's behind Grog.


Just checking, do you want to know no matter what? Good or ill?


Well this one fell off.


You're gonna roll crap. You're gonna roll crap.


So your hands are free to work.


The Potion of Invulnerability, so we can decide later.


Of course I've got more.


To be fair, he did that about seven times a day. (all laugh)


Is the sewer locked?


Ooh, ugh. Mistake.


Or a body.


The trap should go (snapping).


I scoop up Keyleth's hands and I say, you trust me, right?


And actually, it's not that clear what would happen if I died without completing the contract. I might just get brought back.


You keep rolling that high.


I put my shield up!


He's painting it on the door? The guy in the city is?


I am a man of business and I always follow the law. So by my calculations, 20% federal taxes, 9.5% local and city taxes, I put that at about 11,000 gold total left still. Doty?


We could help with that.


I grab one.


He's a demon?


Can't we just take him out of there now that he's all tied up?


Well, no it's like a serpent.


--being a sister. It was Claudia!


Motherfucker!


Fort Daxio's near Emon. And so is Kymal.


You'll know I'm there. Yeah, sure. I go like this. They're the little spiritual unicorns, but they're seahorses because we're underwater.


No, you--


Well, it depends where the cube goes.


That's one way, right?


Weird. I wonder if it's an illusion. Can I put my hand on the rocks and see if there's an illusion?


We don't find any of those glyphs like there were in--


Oh. Reception problems. Hold on.


Also nine.


I'm going to stand on the carpet and will it to fly. Seems worth a shot.


Where's home? Where is this place that you stole--


I'm going to take their cloaks.


They're north of this, yes, Matt? The Sour Nest is?


I am a monster. I am a monster!


So good sir, despite your relationship with her, do watch your manners.


No, they did, to be clear. They totally abandoned you. You are really the only person I know of that's in here. All the other mates around you, they're either sleeping or, you know.


We talking just one braid? French braid?


I'm going to light up my staff, at any rate.


You know what? We're doing it for a good cause, though. Saving the world.


His name is Fassbender?


But there's no sign of anything intelligent down there, other than something that's eating trolls underwater. It could be just giant whales down there! We have no idea! There's no sign of humans at all! It's lava and death animals!


(whispers) Hey, Pike. Do you think you can try dispelling magic again? Because there's some shimmery sort of shit on this door and I don't trust it.


And mourn?


I didn't, Goldie. Actually, did you happen to set a couple of dogs loose in our room?


Do you want to try to shoot them out? Or do you want me to take Pike and fuck their shit up?


Well, we have a killing machine now.


Yeah, I'm not gonna fucking read it, I'm just gonna open it for Pike.


Ah, Gil gave me a natural one. (singing) Fuck you, Gil.


Well, are we still all together, or are we already split up?


Oh, the fucking hat! [music]


It's the thought that counts, Grog. It's the thought that counts.


Can I move toward them?


That all happened in there. That all happened.


Look, if we don't have one, you have to pay full price if you lose it.


That's all. That was my whole announcement.


Fuck it, I drop Disguise Self.


I know! You guys! Does that mean he can bite twice?


Keyleth, when you shape the stone, can you make it lean towards him in a ramp? I can run up. It would still box him in. I could just traverse it.


On the show.


You'll need it.


Shade.


No. I could burn us all alive, though, with one of them.


I just want it to be a big sword.


You want to get up out of this thing?


Maybe. I don't know where they're going to fall.


Oh, shit. Really?


Ooh...


I'm going to focus on that.


Oh god. Have I been there? Wait, was that me? Yes. Okay.


Doesn't hit. So one hits.


Dear Tiamat  Send tape.


Yes, hear hear.


Ah! Okay, I'm going to take the one who's got a trident jabbed into my shoulder. I'm going to grab the chain and I'm going to yank it towards me as I deck him in the face twice.


A lot of books.


Yes. Yes, you are.


Allura, I think, handled that, right? You saw her.


Just like a prom make-out, that's all.


What is this, a tip?


Oh shit, all ten?


Is it looking at me?


I think at that point, I think we put it in the Bag of Holding.


I'm pretty sure it will be apparent that he is not a real person.


The best day ever!


That seems fair.


I don't know. I'm going to try and take a run in the other direction. I know it's going to take a swing at me. Yep, I'm running down the wall.


Between the lava and the red stones, the twins can see, correct? Because of the dim light.


I would appreciate it, but up to you.


If it is in my power, I will do it.


I don't think there's any landing. I think there's going to be-- yeah. But you know what? Let's see what happens.


That's it, ja.


Well, we plan to go to Marquet. Things have progressed much quicker than we expected it to, and unfortunately we are on a two-week time crunch before all hell breaks loose.


I mean, it couldn't hurt to do a drive-by and just see if we could see anything.


Oh, you could buy cursed die, which is now a mystical item.


I'm just gonna stealthily start following the path around.


So how do we get invited?


Sweet. And I do two of those. And I'm broke.


Nila will offer you another goodberry, too.


A nature check?


Sure you are. You are our errand boy. We are your vessel to what it is you want. So get busy, and do it quickly. After all, you're very powerful. But that changes day by day, doesn't it?


Have we caught up with them yet?


Let's tie him up real good.


We were too late to stop him. Vecna.


I thought it was good dog. Oh, that's not his real name? What is his name? Does it say it on the card?


Is there anything to tie the boat on?


I am walking away with my chocolate milk and walking over to you guys. They're bonding.


No, like eyeballs. Is it like eyeballs?


Not that I remember.


I think I can unlock this one!


Yes, we do. I'm going to mark off two of these.


Oh, can you?


We are really in a pickle and we need you to go grab someone by the face and hold her down. Oh shit. (laughs)


Wow, okay, he must have been friendly to the gods.


I'm really hungry.


I'm going to investigate it and see how I can potentially open it if it's locked, yeah.


Oh, man, I don't even know what that means!


Tilt!


Well, I want to get behind the tree so it's still coverage. Right? Then can I shoot from there?


It was extremely frustrating. Especially because it's my artifact.


For my second attack-- (cheering)


If someone else set me on literal fire, I could, but I wouldn't--


I'm going to hang near him.


That could go a number of ways.


What would you like? What kind of swords would you like to eat this week? Would you like to eat like a sai? Like, you know, like Raphael's weapon? Or would you like to have, maybe--


That's all I got.


My parents never spoke of it. Somewhere out east.


What did you roll? Say it!


-- Reckless. That's a 32.


(yawns) Where were you?


ChocolateSweets a bunch of times has asked would you guys consider cosplay for the games?


Is it our old stealth check? Can I use my flying stealth check? Damn it.


And then keys. Keys, right there on the other side or something? Keys?


I pull out a fancy robe, of which there are two, and pull it out. I'm going to drop the Bloodaxe. I'm going to grab both ends of the fancy robe and just make the shittiest parachute of all time.


Okay, let's rent a room.


Which one of them is the undead looking gnoll?


48 plus nine points of psychic damage.


We were trying to get into the tower. There's no doors.


Giffed for eternity. It's the internet, you can't take it back. It's there forever.


Yeah, yeah, you know that good feeling that you have when you hang out with Pike? You know that warm feeling you have. Toasting marshmallows with her around the fire, that kind of feeling?


That's right up our alley! Extermination!


What does it do, what does it do?


Oh, you actually care about us that much?


By the way, as you're adding that up, I'd like to say you should tread lightly or I'm going to tell Vanessa and you'll have trouble getting anything from the Take ever again.


Hi. Larkin.


Face pointing up, though, so it projectile Bouncing Betty vomits everywhere?


Yeah, it is mid-day?


Ten platinum?


Yes. Can we-- what do we roll to--


I'm good. I'll wait.


What did you find? The way out? Exit?


Or is it-- am I misreading this?


Can Scanlan Two dispel that shit?


I'm not good with this stuff. I haven't done this before, all right? I haven't really had family for much of my life. And this is a new thing and it's going to take me some time to adjust and figure out what this means for me. All right? I've defined most of my life by the people I've slept with and now, this a new part of me that I have to figure out.


You can't see Algar.


Okay, I'll just do that. I'll take a greater heal. 4d4 plus four.


Syngorn is in the Feywild.


Like graves on top of graves. Doesn't that make--?


Well then, allow us to do you a service. We have had dealings with his underlings. We have knowledge, which we freely give. Freely. If it does anything to help our case, winning your aid. And we will seek your partner and we will find your partner. We're not trying to score points, we are trying to do right. Percival?


Yes, it's three. It was level three. It doesn't matter. I rolled a one.


That's unfortunate, actually.


If ever you're going to squat on that chair in a perch, this is it. (laughter)


No, no, no, I called it.


How does that work? She automatically does it?


Isn't that what our bug juice is made out of?


Wait, do I still have one?


So I'm underground.


All right. Should we go downstairs and find Vasa, because that's who's going to lead us to this place, right? Vasa! Vasa!


I didn't realize Marquet was like Emon. This might be a bit difficult, to find a one-eyed merchant in a city bigger than Emon.


Probably very small unicorns.


Certainly not anymore. We know it's here. Why don't we sleep on it. Think about it. If we're ever in a pinch for money, we can come back.


And I'm going to scoot 40 feet up the stairs and look as I go for traps. One. I'm taking it, but I'm still going and looking for traps.


Nobody here.


Oh. Sorry. Oh shit!


The navigator, yes.


Scratch marks for anything.


You questioned at the wrong time. I charge Gary and hack away.


23? Nice.


Well, go get 'em!


I take my staff out. And I go (vibrating ring) across the gate.


I did it, yeah. That was 11 plus ten.


Come on, Beauregard.


Oh, I just stepped right in, because I'm really smart, you guys. Hold onto me.


I will happily take some layers of both that paperwork and that cake off your hands. And I grab a slice.


No! Didn't you say that all around the Sun Tree nobody's there?


I mean--


Come on, come on Grog!


What do you think I'm doing?


That’s like another 10,000 we have in dragon scales.


But it's with your staff.


I fucking hate Finger of Death!


I'm casting Mage Hand, just in case.


Tap three times when you're done. Push him under.


Oh are we doing this?


That's true. He was gonna alert everybody.


Oh no, I just gave them to you, though.


Well, we've almost died a few times very recently.


There's also no guarantee that they're going straight back there. Maybe they're heading somewhere else. They were heading with an army to somewhere. It's probably not a city they've already conquered.


I'm going to use this, Matt. I'm going to try to bend fate and try to repick the lock.


I am going to sit down and bring Frumpkin out, and pull out my book and begin to do what's needed to cast it again-- Find Familiar-- but I'm going to turn Frumpkin into, uh... a peregrine falcon.


I don't, either.


Thank you. I'll work on that next time.


So that's 7d6 plus six. One, two--


This poor guy!


I think they're worried about the-- (whistles)


Upon seeing this, I reach forward and I grab hold of him and I cast Control Water and jettison the both of us out of there.


I bet Tiberius has metal canisters, he's got so many canisters.


If I get Grog 30 feet up you still have your throwing axe, he's still reachable another 30 feet for you right? Theoretically.


Well, I can't go back home.


Oh my god. I'm doing that tomorrow! I'm going to write a note in my calendar.


Ugh, that's what she looked like? (laughter)


I don't roll anything because I'm stunned?


I take five of my remaining gold and slide it over to that bartender and say, just keep it coming. All night, please. Thanks.


I have never felt more prepared than I do right now. Let's do this shit.


And it's a mountain!


So maybe we could get in. Or, go through the cellar. Or, be like Santa Claus.


If I just had a little piece of the White House, I could just-- (snaps)-- right to it.


Sweet anus! Reason to jump!


21 over here.


They have all that shit in Syngorn. I can just go. Right? To one of the temples of the Moonweaver or something.


Oh yeah, I mean I can ask, but I think I'm tapped.


Mage Hand! Come on!


Can I lob the head up over the side of the boat?


5d8?


And we are interested in scale, tooth, and claw, and maybe some eyeballs, so that works out very well.


And I’m going to try to grapple that fucking dick.


The fuck is that sound?


I gotta pack a bag!


Percy's killing you right now, not us. I drop it, and we all attack.


Man, that's pretty crappy.


We got a ton.


Vax is trying to appreciate his last ride.


Had to get that out of my system.


(soft laugh) Jesus Christ.


I'm towing us.


My stealth check. Oh, my stealth check was 19.


Yeah, right now, it doesn't matter at all.


They did that, not us!


Hopefully the rope can go this far? How long is this rope?


Wait, Matt's correcting you.


All right. So whenever you, by the way, whenever you spend hit dice to regain hit points, you double the number of hit points restored.


Preferably a fancy location.


'Sup, bee?


All right, I'm going to-- I'm hasted, I'm going to throw three daggers down at him from here.


What does the wand do?


-- life energy and heal the farmlands and it would stretch out for a really far radius.


Sticky.


Maybe a little bit further. Yeah, and turn toward that space, and I'll hold my action until I see her. Bitch.


Poof!


We need to finish clearing this house now. I don't know if they're even here.


Now we're ready to go.


You do you! You do you, Grog.


Covered in semen.


We're talking about two different things here.


I failed, it's halved.


There's a war on another continent, and we're not a part of it.


15 for the save, and 19 points of damage.


And you told them to make preparations in case something happens?


Oh wait, no, I should save my brother.


Anything loose? Anything I can grab near us?


Yes. It's 14.


Deuces. And I roll back.


No, he just said he's going to kill us if we don't give it to him.


I thought 18 was the number that we were aiming for-- shit.


Well, we drank all the pickle juice out of it, so, really they just kind of have a pickle stink.


Vera? Why do you think Vera?


I cast Bless on Pickle, on Keyleth, and my twin's far away, so I guess on myself.


How much longer is my Shapechange left? It lasts for an hour.


Death saving throw is huge. And healing is huge.


On the way down, I smack Caleb a bit on the back and say: Well done, she likes you! And head down.


Does Doty speak Infernal?


No, just perhaps to keep an eye out for in case we sought employment from the wrong type.


Yeah, you wanna see where we live?


Stealth role. With advantage!


Hey, you want to see this map? You're not with me.


I like to think that your lollipop makes Candy Crush sounds when it hits people.


Oh, you know what, Grog, I hate to tell you this--


Well, you got us. Yep.


She's got a Scrooge McDuck bag? (laughter)


Caleb can do it if he sets his mind to it!


But don't tell him! It's a surprise. It's a present.


Oh, me? I'm going to swim-- well, no. I have ranged attacks, so I'm going to just pick one, the one that Jester missed.


She's touched. Just don't worry about her.


I don't fucking know what the spell is.


Elementals, aberrations--


At the end of the day?


Yeah. Screams, ahh!


I also follow.


That was 60 gold.


Where are you going, again?


All right, I'll leave.


A sub-nick! (laughter)


We can't see anything around us?


How many more of us are going to die?!


Yes you do. You have a coin!


Mm, I mean-- I already got close!


Shot two. That's a 25.


I know. I got scorched by Tiberius's fireball.


No. What?!


I have a lot of tricks. Magical things that I think you might even understand, because it seems that you are a magic user yourself.


Like a whole family.


I'd like to call everyone together, if I could, first. Let's take a moment.


She said, out of accent, appalled.


I still have my inspiration.


Well, all the way to Hell and--


All right, let's do it. Quiet ones, let's get on the carpet. Tiberius?


That's pretty bad for him, though.


I'm so sorry, Mr. DeAngelo, my high school German teacher! We're going forward.


951, 952.


I can stop her if you want?


Assholes!


Seven does maybe eat nine. Who knows?


Is it possible to see what the movement is, who it is inside that window?


Okay. Then you would stay and wait for your family, potentially?


Oh, we are?


Yeah, should've been at disadvantage.


(counting) 16.


I will shoot my thing at it!


I'm following your lead here. This is your quest. I have things that I need to do that are not here, and I am going to need help.


How tall is the room?


We're already out this far. Might as well see where it goes for a little bit.


Ten days.


I'm laying in the dirt.


Is one of your servants named Broom?


All right, guys, it didn't work, you can go.


(grunts) I'm a little out of-- it knocked the wind out of me.


Let's get your friends out of here, huh?


Yeah, Pike, are you alive?


There is a bear in it!


We need the Titanstone Knuckles of Kord, which Kevdak has.


Flanking with Keyleth? Okay.


Should've swallowed the rock.


All right, going to roll damage. Come on.


Bob.


Thank you for your belief in me. Kaitiaki, Patisse.


Thank you, because I don't have much.


And how high off the ground? Could I touch it?


Okay. I'm going to spend the rest of the time that they did that ritual gathering up the bodies, the remains.


That's 16.


If that's necessary.


Electrified.


Let's look at this lock, see if it seems trapped or something, or I don't know.


Me and Caleb. Me and Molly, I guess. I'm on third watch.


My god, I love other people's problems.


So you're a fast swimmer.


I've got a weird question  if I burn a grit point for an arm shot, can I make him drop his hand?


Grog and Scanlan have no bastard children, that we know of. Or that you can prove.


This is terrible, what is happening?


You thinking some of them gnolls had some fiendish qualities, perhaps?


Oh. But you're not super tight with them.


You know what? Women are good at math.


Oh, what will you do to us? What you did to the hydra? Oh no! Not kill us.


We need you.


He has no abilities now, though.


Better safe than sorry.


Sweet! Impact damage? Ten.


Oh, good. Cordell! Cordell, I'm sorry. You opened wine, and I yelled at you. I'm sorry.


All right. That is 12 for that.


That looks like a stone spire to me.


Wait, who's up?


Vax! (laughter)


I'm taking a ring. How many are there?


Oh, yeah. Cool, twins. Right. That's cool. I like this place. This is nice.


They should get a little bit closer and dance in front of him, just to make sure. They get very self-conscious if no one's paying attention.


Wait, wait, wait, wait. We're not going to get any information out of him?


Burrow beneath. I'll go, "(deep voice) Bye-bye."


It does need more Scanlan. It's a good start. It's like season one of The Office. Pretty good, but it gets way better.


We're going to get clean first, because good god, we're going to clear out that fucking tavern.


Who else can stealth?


Toward the mansion.


With her hair--


He's a prankster. (laughter)


Just keep saying Fidelio.


Cool, yeah. Caleb said something similar last night-- or, a couple days ago. All right, well, enjoy the paintbrush.


Yeah, but look. The hunter does not go after its prey in an isolated environment. The hunter finds him in his natural habitat. Let him roam free, I say. (laughter)


All right, time for some healing. So pull me in there. I'm gonna do a-- I'm gonna do a Mass Cure Wounds. At level five gives, which I thinks gives-- thinks? Which methinks gives me 4d8? Plus my spell ability modifier. Okay, so--


This trip has changed us.


We did it. We reclaimed our dignity. We did it.


Found it in the archives. We're going to do a staged reading of this promo for this sitcom. Brought to you by D&D Beyond. I'll be playing Announcer; reprising their roles will be Laura as the mom, Taliesin as the dad, and Ashley The Johnson as Gail.


When you brought me back, when Vex brought me back, when Grog brought me back--


My father used to tell me that they would steal children. Ja.


Do I have enough speed to get next to Vex there? 30 feet?


This whole tree?


There might be some ducks.


I use my Mage Hand--


Just don't, just--


Was that not...? Let's go this way.


All right, sure. I take out my wire, I do my incantation. I send a Message to him, I say: Caleb, are we going to abscond with the dodecahedron in the dead of night? You can reply to this message, and only I can hear your reply.


We have twenty six hundred men in the back.


I have a second, I want to see if I can make a crude acid arrow out of a glass vial.


Actually I'm happy to time-pass and we'll revamp that.


Don't hit the kid!


(shouting) Oh my god!


You know, maybe quit while you're ahead. Nott, come on, let's go upstairs.


That's an attunement item. We don't need that shit. Let's go.


I could shave you right now with my sword.


Wouldn't mind having some muscle up front.


No. It's cold. Very cold.


Does she come out during the day?


Okay, you guys are my eyes, so I can't really see it from here. But I guess anywhere there's cover. Is that a tree?


You also need to explain to me what the fucking Grey Hunt is at some point.


It puts the lotion on its skin.


We're part of the crew.


And then 18 on the second hit.


Who's the other guy's name?


I think it's a no.


That was not even as good as the common potion. Oh. Well, sort of. 14.


Just thinking, it's like diatomaceous earth. Just hateful.


Have you ever eaten tiger before?


The idea, which I will share-- we don't have time to do that--


I've learned one thing in my travels always hit the bathhouse first. Every major town.


I tell him everything.


I've seen this film.


How big do these diamonds have to be, like little suckers?


Back when we had a karaoke bar that we went to. I miss our karaoke bar.


Shut up, Taliesin. Jesus. (laughter)


Flyingsquid63 is the winner.


Step one of this.


(quietly) Go see your daughter.


You too, Darrow!


Look at this thing. Look there and there. These are like the--


It's something.


Oh shit, I'm pretty tired, what's up?


Yeah, it's a 30-foot radius.


He was very close to death.


Wow. That's it? We suck.


I know! Well, you never see the body in the first one, so that should have been a tip-off.


Frumpkin goes back to the Feywild.


Why don't we go try to get down to it?


You all have seen her, the same as I have.


But I have a plus 13! So that's a 16.


I insight-check this woman.


I am not here.


If you want to hit dice it up.


Vec-dar.


Firefly.


Waiting for a good one.


Interesting. May I? May I take a look at it?


Oh my god, you actually have a mini for that one.


Oh that's a good one.


I walk over to Dagon--


Oh yeah, that hits. For sure.


Five hundred to replenish the 500 that I initially took. I don’t know if I will have to spend it at all, and if I do, I will completely share my plan with all of you. But I would like to see how what we do plays out next.


I don't want to say I feel like I'm being replaced. You know? It's not that. It's just that Percy's kinda found a new friend.


It's in two weeks?


Indeed. Would you mind if I asked your mom a few?


Oh, my friend's still next to him. Oh, then, then, excuse me, I would like to throw two daggers.


Certification is key.


You're a horrible person.


We think we might stay here tonight, too, because we thought it would be nice for The Pillow Trove to have famous people staying here for you.


I've got to have some advantage for being a fucking druid, right?


I like you because you are funny, but it's more than that. We will get you what you want. Even if there is some risk. Because if it's really important, it's worth the risk, ja?


We found Clarota on that carpet. Never mind. Let's not talk about that. (sighs)


Or it'll just be me with the invisibility ring.


It's okay. You said you've had some successes in releasing this thing?


All right, it's that direction.


So we know where to find him to kill him.


Fuck. Big red guy? Took a lot of fire giants with him?


To answer Caleb's question, we kind of forgot to discuss that part.


It's probably now.


Scanlan, no one else wants to go to a whorehouse with you. You'll be going to whorehouses alone.


A favor to you?


And Matthew Mercer plays Trey in it as well.


How many people am I seeing down there?


This thread is silk, isn't it? It's actual material. I'm not going to touch it. Conscious of the creation of air currents, I'm going to gingerly put on my mask so that my breath does not move things, and examine.


I'm so happy I got to see you again. I thought for a second that when we said goodbye, it was the last time.


(shushing)


It's full of prostitutes, Grog. Full.


I honestly did not expect that to happen.


I know this taste. I know it well.


Who wants to put on the red robe?


I'm going to use my bonus to heal myself a little bit because goddamn it. Oh, Jesus.


So we wouldn't be able to bamf out.


You want to go into that dark, scary cave?


Do you see what he is covered in?


Was that a lot of money?


It's not a thing.


Yep. I'm going to run over here.


Fascinating. I don't think she's as young as she seems.


Your guy really did a number. Cool. Okay. (all laugh)


Now is not the time to start making judgments, sir.


Like moose-big or bigger?


What do you want to see, a show?


He's got shaka hand.


That is fucking disgusting.


But you know what? We'll do some good deeds when we're done.


I go over and I pick up the orc's head and I walk it over to Lyra and I go, here, I'm sorry, you can keep this. It won't happen without me asking again.


Are we outside?


Did you guys see anything?


We're not in the Tri-Spires anymore.


No. I can't use arcane shit. But he can.


Oh, oh, wait, 13. (laughter)


Yeah, she has the stone.


Ugh, debris, ugh!


I didn't know that either.


It's the most ticklish French tickler you've ever seen, baby.


Just off the road is fine. At this point, I'd like to see the road as well. That way we can see anyone coming.


And that one's not great. That's worse. That's a 12.


Where is your boss located?


She probably kind of likes it.


You did the top already.


No. I'm married.


The things you have done--


We should fold up a blanket and put it under there, it muffles the noise.


Yeah, that's a good idea.


Burn in the hatch and then get out.


Do I still have Pass Without Trace?


It doesn't even look like a hand. Just like one really big middle finger. (laughter)


How long does this thing last?


Isn't that the way life is?


Doty, could you sing to me?


I was trying to tell you that before you hit the creature, but it worked out.


Oh, now I feel like you really will because everyone was just mean.


Again.


I'm going to hit the door with my axe.


Good start.


Jenga! We had a safe word for a reason!


Oh snap! Shit's getting real.


Hi, guys!


Yeah, inevitably.


And that's 13 points of damage plus four points of psychic. And strength save versus 20?


Burn the place down.


We got to figure this out, like stat.


It seems like the best option to me. I'm not sure who else we could turn to.


All right. I'm going to ruby it up. There was two vacant eye holes?


You still have inspiration, Grog.


Well, but I want a bunch of them, though.


Yeah. Um. I am a little goblin girl. (laughter)


Speed walking.


But I didn't hear any (impact sounds), right?


What is he writing?


We want to rescue the people who are trapped.


Yeah, maybe we can even split a team, some people go and spy on the house, some people maybe go to the stockade, talk to the people she's locked up?


Not good at quiet


Can I use my bonus action to rage or not?


Oh my god, everybody's firsts tonight. Backblaze, ladies and gentlemen. backblaze.com/criticalrole to get two weeks free or something.


The Margrave's house.


So auto-advantage.


That's two questions.


It's a pain in the butt.


Well, we'll need to form a perimeter and someone will have to stand guard--


Well, we're going in now, aren't we?


I'm going to run off and try to find Jarett.


It does have that armored out like a lobster? It's not soft and rubbery like an octopus?


Well, we have a bag of holding.


I hold her hair back.


So I can gather my wits, there's an angry Delilah with a wand, clutching a weird thing around her neck. There's a Sylas with what I assume would be a brand new sword.


I will inspire him.


Yeah, so is mine.


Oh god, she's going to kill you.


14, right?


Yeah. But do keep an eye out for traps or anything weird on the way up.


No, let him do his thing. It's marble madness, everybody.


Arrows can't go through it, it said.


-- and watch.


All screens have our show on them.


I see Tary fall... and I... ... bolt for the portal.


Will do! Jester, Deuce.


That's like George Foreman IV.


And they were so tore up to hand over JB! It was like Les Mis.


Well, we could go in the morning, it doesn't matter.


Classy.


Can I do that, as well? (laughter)


Leave it.


Yeah. I'm questioning my faith now.


Aww...


Where do you get your awesome shirts? They want to know where your shirts come from.


Like a beagle.


Can I insight him to see if this is bullshit, or legitimate tears?


You love him or you hate him.


Fucking-- fuck you, Gil. Six.


That is true. You are my greatest friend.


18. Six.


He is. As stubborn as always.


Could I get a bowl, please?


Good old classic rage.


And give me 500 gold, as well.


Are you not entertained?!


Jester has fixed the sail.


I was going to say we should try and avoid him. Poop monster.


Check out the brain on Brad!


We can use it!


With crownsguard?


Why are you asking me?


Osysa.


Yeah, it doesn't matter what Percy says.


Do we have any?


Have you taken two turns since--


I'd like a loose-leaf oolong, please.


Grass.


A double punch.


How long would that take?


This is old magic. (laughter)


I got to write it down or else I'll forget!


Woked.


Everyone who meets me knows I am a collector of hats. (laughter)


Oh yeah, watch out.


So the first attack is an 18.


That's kind of perfect.


You're still ahead of me. You rolled a nat 20?


And he could've read this, by the way.


So I'm going to take a swing.


25 feet away, and one guy stayed?


Oh, that's all right. They're definitely trying hard to get us to leave a little sooner than we'd necessarily like to.


Can I jump on his leg or back?


He's a demon.


"Mind the poo."


I followed too. I am following as well.


Seventeen!


We don't know what the other ones say, though.


I'm exhausted.


Yeah. (laughs)


Not Hotis. The contract. To get to Hotis. That's the owner's--


On a rock.


Thank you. Well, that was a little helpful.


All right. No!


Wow, that's the good reaction, apparently.


Okay, tell you what  he knows that I'm down there, I'm sure he sees all but can I come up and hover in the air and bonus action hide behind that wall?


All right. This is venom. That's 24, plus--


So don't get raked over by a wiper, point your nose to Lootcrate.com/CriticalRole and use promo code "criticalrole" for 10% off your subscription. You'll be radder than Tom Curren nailing a 360 air reverse rodeo. You'll be cooler than a tight on-shore breeze at Malibu. You'll be more authentic than a sad voice actor searching for surfing terms on Yahoo Answers at 5 pm-- (all laugh)


Yeah. All right.


We're really good at that.


Wait, out of the hospital or just out of the room?


Fucking cold!


Look! Stars!


We sent in a laser pointer! Shit!


All right. So, this does a couple things. Where's my-- I know. Where the hell are my--


It's Ornna, isn't it? It's Ornna, I knew it.


I hope you guys got my word that you did not try to capture him, did you?


Caleb would know how many they've seen.


Oh yeah, that's right. Okay, that's terrible.


I'm fine. I'm fine.


You want the spine lift?


Baa-ram-ewe. Babe, anyone?


Between these two trees, if I can. Towards this direction.


I don't think he's figured out what she's talking about.


Yeah, I mean, I've done it before.


Is Toya waking up at all?


Oh, you shouldn't.


Our friend is in mortal danger right now, you maybe wouldn't want to hit on somebody, at that moment.


And then I'm going to shoot him from my hiding spot.


(groans) Oh, it hurts!


Ah! What?


Really, yeah.


I think it was just me at this point.


Alchemist's supplies.


Ah, screw that


Don't fuck me, Gil! [laughter]


Give him a little nudge, a gentle little nudge.


And Gilmore's with us?


Okay, so I am going to hold my turn until after Scanlan goes.


Behind him where it won't hurt Keyleth and will just hurt him. Wherever that is.


So we don’t need to open up a line of credit?


Don't have that. One thing dragons--


I don't think it would be thick enough for that.


Never mind, I was wrong! We shouldn't go!


All right, so. Amy was the winner of our first giveaway.


Brava.


I take a knee. Thank you for letting us come here. It's just such an honor to be in your presence and to meet you in person. I've been a believer of yours for my whole life, and to actually be here in front of you is very humbling.


This is a temple to Ioun, right?


Okay. The battlefield changed a little bit, so instead, can I do a Chain Lightning out of the staff and hit all three of those motherfuckers? Starting with the big mama and branching off to the two other dudes?


So, just keep going, then?


Got to get through this roof.


(low-pitched) Break it, break it, break it down.


Don't look.


Does it-- Oh no-- Is it on fire so we can see--


Grog, we've got to get out!


But we all have to be holding hands.


I have quite a gift for you!


How did that happen just now? How did you just go there?


If it's that scary, then what do you want to do with it?


Medi-kit?


That, you have advantage on.


The guards are guarding. Anybody that approaches is a threat.


Somehow that was better than what I was hoping for.


I'm going to wander around the back side of The Leaky Tap.


Okay. I don't know much in terms of arcana, but I can try. Ten.


All right. Where do we find this-- Oh, wait, did Zahra-- Vasa spend the night with us?


Here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to dance through to here, where I can see Grog and these guys, and I can see all my friends here, and I'm going to hold my action to attack anyone who comes right up to one of my friends within striking range.


Go fuck yourself.


Not all the way.


Gauge it as it comes?


So judgy.


You're the one who fucking makes me wear this thing!


Because there's no question that I'm going to follow you where you go right now, but I don't know what she wants to do.


We have an anchor. It can only go down so far, but I don't know how--


I was just curious. I was going to hit him if he's going to try and hit me. I'm going to hit him right back with Blood Maledict.


Yeah, you know what? It was right here, it was this thing. Check out twitch.tv/DnDBeyond starting at 12:00 pm Eastern time to catch interviews, the monthly D&D Beyond dev update, Q&A, and a live play session with exclusive reveals from Dwarven Forge's upcoming KS6. I don't know what that is!


And are knocked prone.


If we go, what is our mission?


Oh, you're parked over here, too? Oh, okay, cool.


You can see him swimming in the infinity of--


Wait, technically it's WheelyFactoids.


Arm wrestling! (laughter)


For this group, that's pretty good.


He really likes it.


As we're untying the boat-- Right? It's tied up? As we're untying the boat, I'm going to hide behind a pillar.


You have a six pack of donuts, but you don't have a healer's kit in there? And you're the cleric? I'm confused.


I have his face though. I have the face of the one-- I'm not wearing a costume, am I?


Okay, can I come up from underground, grab them, and then beat them into the ground?


We're just going to go into the belly of the beast? Because one of them shot me and killed me with an arrow. We could draw them out.


Wow, that's exciting!


Whitestone is made of fancy chalices, isn't it, Percy?


Ja. Natural 20. [groaning]


That's some hot math.


I reach into my Bag of Holding, and I pull out a small drawing of the letter "G". This. This is what I have learn-- That's not it. That's not what I wanted. And I take out the Dwarven Thrower and I jump into the sandpit.


We'll have Rissa meet us at the prison maybe later. She can call them off and we can head to the prison.


Have I heard about an island of glass? Have Pike or I heard of an island of glass?


Collector's edition.


You know I'm a healer, right? You can save your potions.


And I've got a thing right in front of me so I can't--


Then I'm going to use my other-- I can do this twice. I'm going to use Path to the Grave again. The hydra has a problem one more time. Yeah, I'm using Path to the Grave one more time on the hydra.


I am Fiona Fancypants! Theater critic extraordinaire!


I'm certainly not trying to hide it.


Yeah, because I have advantage on athletics checks.


And diamonds, probably.


That's a 21!


Oh yeah, no, you said that out loud. Yeah, no, that wasn't in your head.


Look to purchase, Jester! Just look!


Isn't that always the way?


When do you want the symbol to go up?


Does it feel like it's bigger on the inside?


You know, I know that you struggle with doubt, and I don't think it's ever gonna go away for any of us. Especially for you. I think that's part of the job you're getting ready for. But I don't see it as a weakness. You know, all this time I've remembered Uriel. I'm not big on monarchies and the like, but I liked him.


Everybody else believes in you. Why shouldn't you?


Mighty obliged, we'll take care of this most expediently.


Oh, I read bullshit.


Lay. Did it look like it was destroyed to nothing? Or transported somewhere?


Well, he has to wait for the carpet.


Yes. Oh yay!


How close are they?


Is Zahra around?


I'm gonna burn a Luck. 16.


And appreciated my honesty and the fact that you are taking that vow? If I die.


If we get anything more exciting, we'll be sure to let you know. We just got here.


Can we pinpoint when we get back?


With the lip, now we-- you're slowly--


That's fucking dumb.


Everyone but the two skeletons?


This is a map to a reef. I know the reefs of the Lucidian Ocean, this is very familiar.


I'll be with you in just a minute, I'm dealing with something.


Jump.


It's after Yasha, right?


Man, I just had one of these fruits, and I think I know everything now. You know, it doesn't matter if Jamedi's alive or dead; we're all going to be dead at some point.


"Choose any number of willing creatures that you can see within range, you transform each target into the form of a large or smaller beast."


17 for that. And the last dagger does 25.


It's clear that when that brain thing hit Grog with his zapper thing, that it rendered him unconscious. I would assume that it is a magical creature, just based on the attack alone.


You're at zero.


(whispering) Here we go.


Oh, we rested?


Let's move quickly.


All right, who's flying the mouse up?


That was painful.


It's probably a good idea.


Yeah, we'll go and I'll cast Locate Object and maybe we'll just pass by something.


I wouldn't come back the next night if it were me. I would want to make sure that we were gone.


Owls eat mice. I'm just saying. It makes sense in nature.


Jared!


Divergent.


It is a pleasure. This is a different subject almost entirely, but I was wondering, I mean to make a stop at all the great libraries of this city. I was wondering, is it a similar situation at the Hall of Erudition?


I was-- oh shit.


Okay, so 14 and nine?


I'll take the parts of the gun-- it's apart now, right?


Hopefully, it's-- you know, let's see if it's still intact.


First act of being king!


I Hunter's Mark Grog as he walks away.


It was that good.


The wagon tracks directly to the point at which they are found.


Nott's going to run up to the cage and reach out with her Mage Hand and try to flip the switch.


What if, I mean--


You don't watch him drop his lodes.


Sharpshooter shots.


Six, but that's doubled?


I heard her say, "I cast--"


"If I could get a pair of scissors, please?"


I'm getting a little bit of magic down there, I don't know what it is, but it's making me nervous.


Yasha--


Natural 20. Oh, that really didn't count.


I know, I don't hit lightly.


What are the odds?


Just to have it.


I know those!


Us.


I'm so happy. You have quite a shop here.


Okay, she's gonna--


40 plus 40.


I'll get you into the library if you want.


I got it working. (laughter)


(thumps)


The guy that I'm standing over, red robe, I'm going to rip his necklace off.


Scanlan, can you give me some meditation music?


I got 19! Thank you.


Yeah, we need to repair first.


We aren't listening to this.


I'll find out his last name. I'm sure he won't mind.


How do you make the letter F with your hands?


First one. That is successful, 18.


It's by the chair.


I offered to come along with them in case they needed a strong arm. I don't speak for the town. I just know most of the people involved, and I wanted to make sure they stayed safe. But the truth is, there's a lot of people who have nothing to rebuild, and nothing to rebuild it with. And if there might be dragons coming back, I don't know.


I whip the Cape of the Mountebank out of my pocket and run at that door and jump off the edge and just try to balloon umbrella it down over with that red cape.


The armor, yes.


Climbing gear? And a whip.


When are you going to do this amazing think-real-hard?


Hold on. Meet back here in two hours if we haven't heard from everything.


Oh, boy!


Damn it! I want to know.


That's the best line of the night! (laughs)


But I could roll a one. I rolled a ten. (cheering)


Oh, hold on a second. Wait. I want to put a pause on this real quick.


No. Ah! Yes!


All right. By the way, do you guys want to know how many shirts we sold?


And I-- sorry. Rolled a 30 for perception.


I think we're perfectly well-suited for now.


Wait, what does that--


He controlled the girl!


I am still he. Please, go back inside the tavern.


By whose standards, yours or mine?


Stringbean?


More Percy goodness.


Are they working on explosives?


You don't seem very satisfied.


Every single thing?


Seriously cheeky? Cheekingly serious.


Yasha has advantage on those.


It was literally just Beau singing.


I'm going to hold Sacred Flame because it's a cantrip.


No, clerics can't use swords.


They take 6d6 fire damage.


Yeah, Yasha said she was going to catch up with us, I believe her.


They'll do what they're going to do, but we can give them an option if things get hairy.


I'm going to try and clear my gun while I'm up there, too.


I like it as well, but only if you can match this diamond worth, oh... about 100 gold.


I added wrong. My saving throw was a 23.


I bring out my-- something. (laughter)


The rope, and I'm going to pass the boots to Keyleth to look at.


It actually works pretty easily! You just add a line, and then you paint over that.


Ah, nice.


She's learned from you well.


I mean, there are people getting chopped up and eaten. But if you really want a cat.


Is it a page turner?


We could go talk to them, but I don't see how that's going to change anything.


Was that fun? Was that fu--


That's the most exciting Dwarven Forge thing I'd ever want to see. The Godzilla interior.


I was going to say, is that theoretical or experiential?


Good note-taking, Grog. How do people greet each other there in Ank'Harel? Is there a "Kord's strength be with you" thing?


Advantage versus magic.


I'm so confused. Let's go.


Ah, I heard your name. Whatever they're saying, I heard your name.


That's the hard part.


And then she was like-- Never mind. (laughter)


I will hold onto that. Yeah. I think then I'm going to try... How about just another Sacred Flame for now?


Every roll counts. Yes?


He was fine for so long. There was nothing for so long. Why? Things don't just...


Oh, jebus.


To climb up that tree-like stalagmite.


Okay, perfect. That way if you get poisoned, I can un-poison you.


But then what?


That's badass. 350 miles. How far is that from us right now? Where is that in distance?


I was just a leader! I did it.


Woo, Ruby! She's real hot. (laughter)


I don't think it does, right? As Beau has appropriately stated many times, snitches get stitches. If we walk that in there, the Plank King might just be looking for disloyal motherfuckers to hang up by their toes. We need to find a way to either message that, to send via messenger with the book and a codex that you've created, and let him be able to see the evidence for himself.


Natural 20. Natural 20.


Is The Pillow Trove still open?


(sighs) I guess the same one I was in, yeah? I know roughly. I was in the prison too. Utugash, he bought me. He was going to, I guess corrupt my soul, or whatever, but good luck with that, dude! (laughter)


And we head to the Margrave's house.


Well no, I'm sorry. Not necrotic. Just 37 regular slashing damage.


Is this the first time you've done that?


Can you be a floating head inside of a hamster ball?


Yeah, I went there, I'm so sorry. It's been there, I'm sorry!


Or you, I would argue.


And after that, he never saw--


I was going to make the treasure chest look like a trap triggered. I was going to have it explode with an illusionary poison.


Remember what I told you about the Wheaton dice curse? I'm sorry. Because no one will believe me. No one ever believes me.


Did you whisper it to me?


Are we a mile away? A thousand feet away?


I shoot an arrow into it.


All right. This is the last card of the deck, which means after this, whoever has the highest card, wins.


I've been standing in front of Lady Briarwood.


What do you mean bonus action?


You're a temporary pirate now.


Ja, it seems like I'm-- can I get within 30 feet of it? No, correct? I would think probably not.


Yeah. He could be the Meat Man.


You have a little bit of a glow!


He is! He's there!


With a Blazing Bowstring again. 28.


We should move toward our destination.


There are two places I would recommend. There is this place called the Plaza Emporium. A pleasant but can be murderous dragonborn runs that. She's not affiliated with any of the unseemly folks directly, so she's a bit more neutral. We might be able to get information from her.


Oh, I have a pouch of things this one might like!


(distraught) Well it's such a thing to get into the sewers. We have to make a distraction and everything, every time.


Grog! I run over to Grog and I jump up on his leg, I'm going to sit on his foot.


And then I will use my bonus action to use my Mage Hand to pour it into his gullet.


I see that, as well. Thank you for the lookout. Frankly, between us, I actually tried to keep her underwater, after. She got away real fast.


Oh! I thank you for your time, Poobah out. And I leave. (all laugh)


I'm going to run to the other side of Beau.


Okay. I'll use that.


Yeah, let him go, 'cause it's a waterfall.


And movement. Oh god. I'm going to spread out. I'm going to come over here, maybe? Or here. Oh jeez. I don't know. I can't hit anybody! I'm going to wait. I'm going to hold my action until I see something getting through that fucking force wall.


Give me five minutes. I'm going to go out. I'm going to go behind the alley. I'm going to barf. I'm going to clean myself up, and then I'm going to go back in a little bit more put together.


Rest in peace.


Yeah, that's pretty smart.


I'm not trying to gank the telescope.


Doesn't know it.


Made him a bitch to find.


He had buttons for beards!


So make sure we have Zanror, his wife, his druids that he mentioned; there were like two to three druids?


Sure. Do you take damage from fire? So you should be in here.


Seems a waste.


Yeah, among other things.


You are, at the moment, the luckiest person in Whitestone. Do you know why? Because you're at the bottom of my list. (laughter)


I put my hood up. I take the mask off, but I put my hood up.


I have an odd question for you.


I am very far away, right now.


She's eaten him twice.


Where's the big one?


No. Maybe you need to rest.


On him!


The three of us will get that door open.


I go over to Theodore and-- I don't think I have to bend down.


Yes! Oh, and I get two attacks, right?


What does it look like, Vax?


What are we calling these things?


Here's what we do. Frumpkin, I take Frumpkin. Oh, there's Frumpkin. I place Frumpkin on your shoulder.


I believe you. Fully.


Yeah. I was just at the edge of its range and it snagged me.


No no no. He's my pet.


It really is heaven.


While he wraps it up, can I do a quick glance over her table or over her desk to see if I see any type of papers?


I get five of them.


Wings.


Eastern manor.


This is stupid, why would you do that?


That was a really fun episode. That was a really fun game.


I would recommend-- they will probably be traveling pretty close together and I could slow them down. Magically speaking. If you were to bait them a bit and talk to them. Then if we pick a trigger point I could cast Slow... most of them, some of them would make it through unscathed, but--


If I don't look, he can't kill me.


No, not the horns of Orcus!


Well, that's a step up. And Kaylie, is she better off?


Can't do that.


What the hell?


Back him up. Back him up.


Urine flying everywhere.


That's where you're supposed to go, god!


If you're going to meditate, maybe go back and check on the little bird?


Why didn't we just go talk? I feel like we've abandoned the use of-- here's my thing, right? Magic's new to me, this sword is new to me. I didn't have most of this all of my life. All I had was my words to get out of situations, to try and heal conflict, to try and outsmart somebody. Now, all of a sudden, I have this power and I feel like it's a shortcut and that I've been cheating myself. I don't feel like I've put forth the same effort to resolve something because I can just will something into happening. That doesn't seem right to me.


Like so many half-elves, Vex'ahlia has spent most of her life suffering the cool reception of a people who don’t fully accept her. Born of a human mother, and an elven father who only later in life took an interest in their existence, Vex'ahlia and her twin brother Vax'ildan quickly realized the only people they could truly rely on in this world were each other. It was at the age of 10 when the two were taken from their mother, and brought to live in Singorn, the isolated elven city for which their father was an ambassador. He quietly took them in, but always kept an icy distance, and after too many years of disdainful looks, the pair decided to leave his indifference behind, and set out on their own. Vax took to the cities, stealing small trinkets and learning the ways of the thief, while Vex kept to the woods. She preferred the isolation. Always the keen observer, she learned to hunt and to track, to spy and to shoot. And through a series of fateful events, earned herself a companion in the form of a bear - her own stolen Trinket - to fight alongside her and protect her fiercely. Also he is adorable, and gives expert massages.


You haven't put any blood through it, though?


I'd love her, Tina, Tina Fey.


False backs to safes. So even if you get in, and you think you find everything, double- and triple-check, all right? They love to write shit down, I'm telling you it's there.


We're onto our bonus material.


And then, I still can see him, though, but he can look at me, and I'm just going to be wasting stuff if he-- So I'm going to hold my action until he's not staring right at me. Can we do that?


How do we go and talk to Sarenrae? Vasselheim?


Why would she get in trouble? We did it.


Can I transmute the rock into dirt or sand to give us a little more?


I took eight points of damage?


Can I walk to her?


And I'll do kind of a tighter loop around it.


Alter Self! Yeah, totally! Gills. I can do that.


If we throw a little bit of rope together, we can make some quick harnesses, including harnesses that include a little bit of a netting for the stones as we get them.


Okay, well, there's a mind flayer here.


Otto the Bottomless Pit!


Glass half empty, I get it. It's all right.


Eagles fly a group up, fly down, pick up another group and bring them?


Don't do it, Grog.


No. He said before that it didn't look like the blade made the gash in the eye.


They do that here.


Well, yes, but my rod is best at close-up action.


Yeah, 22.


Oh god, everyone! Yev is sick!


Single fire pit, lit. Set of drums. Violin.


Ask them how they fly.


Today has been the most profitable day in my life. I have never seen so much money cross my path.


Then hide.


First thing that pops into my mind is do you know Kiri, but I don't think that's relevant.


I have a beard. (laughter)


I mean, it was not a good evening, but he was paid to be there so he couldn't leave, so that was, well, that was good for me--


That's sick. It's like she's got a built-in shield now.


(sings) Sail! (laughter)


Did I just invite myself to come along with you?


I can tell you how they're doing.


Did we bring Horris with us?


Hey, man, I have been ordered to provoke every once in a while.


The first one was that poop thing again.


Okay, I'm going to take another attack. Wait, I'm within ten-- oh, yeah, I'm right next to Fjord, huh?


Yes. 826LA, they're in a campaign right now for-- let me try to get all this right-- for LA 2050 which is a big contest that's sponsored by Goldhirsh, right now, and it's all for sponsoring education and a brighter future for Los Angeles. So 826LA and Young Storytellers are actually partnering together, and they're in this contest right now. You have to go vote, and they could potentially win $100,000. Which: awesome. And we've got Critters. I think they'll win. So you have to go vote. I tweeted the link, so the mods, go find it on my twitter, or you can just search #LA2050, and you should be able to find it. So, yeah, go vote.


Better than what I was going to do.


How did you get here, Pike? How did you know?


Make a beeline?


Math is stupid.


Just a straight intelligence check?


We got it.


I'm the warden?


He won't be able to talk to you for a while. You see, he's not really there.


Apparently.


(whispering) Secrets.


I'm going to talk to the barkeep and talk about rooms, potentially, first.


What about that big golden mast? You think there's a golden ship under there?


(laughter) Ah, you're adorable.


Oh, these big giant pieces of wood that we carry around with us all the time?


Can we go to sleep even if we're just sailing around?


Still sick.


Captain, navigator, quartermaster, cook, and another boatswain slash barrel keeper.


Yeah, but it doesn't go through planes.


Thanks Grog, thanks.


I took the potion, I took the potion!


All right, I'll scribble a little note and say-- well, no, there's no way they can get it to-- it's too far! It's too far!


Much better idea. I also took Kevdak's skull, the top of it, and I had a new cup, a new mug made out of it. With metal bits and stuff, with a handle.


Only one way to find out.


"Oh, hallo"-- (laughter)


With the hat? With your hat?


Who's Scanlan?


Yeah, you guys probably didn't see a lot, considering you were in cages when you came through, but this is a shitty shit-hole. Like a really shitty shit-hole.


Rexxentrum?


We kill everyone.


And wait for me to open the door and look in.


Yes. It is now a safety hazard.


I can inspire her.


Yes, I fucking can! (cheering)


Oh, thank god!


Ten platinum is an awful lot.


Well, I've taken a shine to you for some reason. Do you wanna shake off the child's play and do the real thing?


We gave her a dagger. Point her in the right direction that her parents are going.


Okay. Two lefts and a right, and I'm out? Thank you.


That's a good fucking question. Did I make it? (laughter)


In the Puddles! It is in the Puddles. I got Pudd.


Could I try and stick my hand in my chest?


Poll's out. The poll's out, dude.


Yeah. It's gonna be one of those nights.


The first one.


I walk over to him. These people can't hear this. I kneel down next to him, and I put my hand on his shoulder and say, I was once like you and didn't know what I wanted or where I was going. I just want you to be ready. We've got some shit to do. When we come back, we'll start over. You're starting from ground zero. Starting from the basement, you'll work your way up. And I promise, I will be ready for you no matter what Mercer throws at me. I promise.


While she works on him, I'm going to take Kaylie off to the side.


Kind of like when you're eating lobster, to get the claw out, yeah.


I would assume you've already had this stuff at this point. We've been sharing a cup around. This is too much for a human being to handle.


We haven't had an awkward parental confrontation in what feels like months.


In due time.


Oh no, Nott! Are you injured?


Do you have the stuff? Or did you--


You have a printout?


That sounds nice.


That's a conversation?


Percival, we're on your turf, so I'll follow your lead.


Percy's like, "I don't do that shit." (laughter)


11 total.


You need this? Oh, you need this. Oh! I've been goosed.


Have you seen your competition?


I know, I have, I don't have that many left. I'm at, like-- I accidentally erased it, but I believe I'm at 30?


It was already Periscoped.


But I was holding my movement to move with Vex.


Oh, natural 20.


But she said the timetable is shortened.


I turn around and come back to the rest of the group and say: There's something bigger.


Right, not that I don't love being in this river of liquid magma, could I get out, please?


The name of the boat is the Sea Shanty, but the captain is Santy.


Okay, so the first one is 12 plus 15 is 23.


Yeah I know! The nail wraps-- only some, a few left in stock.


That was very fun.


(slurring) Whitestone?


There's always truth to porn.


So cruel, so cruel, so cruel.


We share something in common, Lady Kima. I, too, have left my home and land because I did not want to sit on the council of Draconia. With blessings from my father and such, I gained ambassadorship on a mission for them, but really, just so I could--


Thanks, man! Okay, seven plus seven. 22 on the first hit. 24 on the second hit.


"Tee time!" And I rush up with the war hammer and swing.


I don't know why, but I can get that.


Keyleth has a pet giant robot. I don't know what to make of this.


No! I just, I don't want another guinea pig!


So that's 1000 points. Over a minute. That's better than I thought.


Is he there every midnight or just tonight midnight?


All plans go wrong guys. It's okay, it's okay.


Are they all just jumbled in together?


You'll never lose your shit. And then all your cards go there.


No, you know what? Thank you-- all of you-- for not--


Well, what we should do-- here's the thing that I'm worried about. We don't want, like, a kid to go through, and then they get separated from their mom.


That's the end of it.


If you want to save your stuff.


Yeah good. Cop attitude with the DM.


We already have a bomb. Just throw it in, they attack it, we close them up.


Follow me! Follow the track!


I mean, honestly, we'd like--


Oh, okay! That's all I care about.


We'll see you in the morning, sleep well friends.


I mean, might as well.


No, fuck that new dice. Nine. Not great.


Okay, so I use Uncanny Dodge on the one that hit.


I say we go to the treeline, and I say that you take a couple shots as we're heading--


We know where Kevdak is, he doesn't seem to be going anywhere.


I'm not scared of trolls.


That's 12.


You first? Or should I go first?


Let me do a little roleplay here. Oh, baby!


Are Avantika and Jamedi doing anything?


No, I feel like they've gotta burst out, yeah.


Well, if he sells politics, there could be a lot in selling war against a dragon. I'm not trying to be a dick, but your father was kind of a dick so I'm just questioning it.


No. It shall not do nothing on my watch.


What does my Vec-dar tell me?


By the end I had 13, but if he had hit me one more time--


That is a 12.


I am. It is hilariously funny as possible. Oh, and there's no save for this, it's just if I hit. Come on, be cool. That's cool enough. 21.


Well, that would've worked. The first one was an 11 plus five.


Can I burn that to get all the way--


Where are my 12s?


Matt, you have a favorite voice? And does it hurt to do the gnarly monster voice?


Hey, this is all bullshit, man.


Where's your battle map?


Well if I can't see--


Trinkets.


Let’s put that in your bag right away, because we don’t know what’s on the other side of it.


That's a good gift.


We are going to finish off the fairies.


And really put some artistry into this. We want a moat, we want defensive towers. I'm going to put a little alchemic fire in the middle of it, so if anyone gets through the gates, they explode.


It's got so much.


Yay, bell curve.


They worship some weird shit. Who knows what dark corners of the world it goes to.


Let's spend some time.


Yeah, probably not. Listen, we'll let you go back to your slumber right quick. Where were you headed with this ship? I assume to meet up with Avantika, yeah?


We could try mine first, and if it doesn't work-- but I need to rest. I can't do anything today.


That is-- that is my favorite phrase in the English language, is "I have a kit for that."


Was it telling you to pull your own fucking eye out?


Have you no mercy?


Yeah, where is Scanlan?


Last question, I can probably tell how far apart these two islands are, yeah?


Okay, it's Bel-Air.


A tentacle came out of the water?


Saving.


Erwen. It basically says  Uriel, FYI, we didn't totally flee. We's looking for evidence. No, we didn't flee. We'll be back, how about that? We'll be back.


I'll be after Fjord.


Okay, I'm going to very quickly drop the orb and Dimension Door into one of the tents.


That's all right. Since I didn't find any purchase, I'll see where his ears are, try and grab them, and I'm going to attempt to rip his ears off of his head. His nice pointy ears.


We're gathering up anyway. We're walking over.


Natural 20, natural 20.


Or the lantern?


I heard voices, I remember that. I was trying to listen for my partner and my son. I know they were the voices of the captured people, the prisoners. I believe I heard voices as well of some of the murderers.


Oh, I don't know, you know?


That's already three questions.


Do we see any other exits in this tower, this chamber?


They're gone for the time being.


Yes, it is. We have work to do.


Never a bad time.


After a while, you lose track of favors. It's okay.


Natural 18. (laughter)


If it's the house that I think it is, it's already been--


And when I kill someone, I get an additional attack.


You can find those comics at geekandsundry.com.


So long as there's a Cobalt Soul Scholastic Fair, really.


Yes, Grog, it's true. He's a vampire. Could we please meet in a booth in the corner of the pub, please? We need to talk now.


Wait, did you really?


Jenga stone. Remember, it takes about a minute to work.


So that's nine points of damage.


17-- 20. 23 for the first arrow.


The castle's always had strange stories.


All right. Let's go to the sphinx, then. Where's that? The Frostweald, we've been there.


You speak of a remedy. How do you mean? Do you mean you would rid yourself of that blade, these changes in you? Or am I not hitting it?


Attack number three is a three. I'm guessing 13 is not good enough to hit that thing?


How frequent is it?


No, there was not a lot of--


How many of us found this?


I've got two more shots. I'm going to do the same thing with the sharpshooter deadeye combo. That's right. I can't get Hex until next round, though. 27 to hit.


Huzzah to Jareth!


Bob up and down if it's a yes. Okay. We're going to follow you, all right? And when it's ready to land, then just hover down, and we'll all follow your lead.


You're okay.


Can I use that once a day? Once a round?


In a row.


I pull forward, I look her very deeply in the eye, and I say, you should know who your friends are here. Do you know that we're friends? And I'm going to become friends. I'm casting Friends.


We just want to sit here for a minute and talk about it. Can we just say, so here's the thing. Those guards are attacking the farmers. I'm pretty sure they're using slave labor at this point. Kind of like you, Scanlan! Slave labor to provide food for the city. Vax really wanted to stop down, but the thing is, if we kill the guards and set the farmers free, everybody in the city might starve. It's a tough situation right now.


(Dwarven accent) Ooh, like a little gopher.


Ooh, that was almost a natural 20. Instead, it's a five!


Kiss yourself, Matthew.


It'll take some practice.


I'm proud of the knife.


Yeah, what are we going to do about it, Nott?


It would kill me.


Yeah, the rage-looting.


And the Primordial says no, yeah?


Love it. That's an 18.


That's for building a thing, isn't it?


Okay. So I'm going to use sharpshooter and drop five to hit harder, I'm going to throw a dagger at advantage, yeah?


We should write Tusk Love and sell it on the store.


If six is the right number.


Let's have dinner.


Did you already Cure Wounds?


I feel like if you could hold the barbarian, keep the barbarian away... I could maybe stun Lorenzo and focus down on the rogue and the druid.


I feel like we should go to the bathhouse. That's where Molly would want us to go.


Lord-- no--


I'm going to use my earring of whisper right now. "There's some fun things in here. Grog, you're not wearing it. Someone tell Grog he might need to kill something."


Am I buying cinnamon here?


With 19 points of damage on the third one.


This Phil must be a really bad person if you're--


Was it a child duergar?


He doesn't sleep.


Can he use a legendary resistance on a grapple?


(laughs) I'm sorry to drop this all on you, and I'm thankful.


He was dead.


A wrench in the machine.


Which one are you aiming at?


Who else was walking with us besides Bouldergut?


This is our spot!


It's just going to be bad.


Nott should be next to Caleb, because he can't see. So Nott should be right next to Caleb.


My clay pot is glowing?


If Keyleth can bird up or you could go over on the flying carpet or something.


-- yeah, they leave. This seems like a strange family visit.


I'm going to go with her. You're going on the broom? Yeah, I'm going to turn into a mangy crow that looks like it would be with a witch.


Punch attack!


Is that going in Lord Sutan's place or the High-Richter's place?


Is this wisdom? Well, they have keen sight, so they have advantage on wisdom checks, and the wisdom is plus two. Although, don't you maintain--


I prefer raven-sized.


We're keeping an eye out for anything else happening.


You guys are recovering from your drink.


Percy, this shitbird has appeared like three times wherever we were.


But maybe those little insects are immune to the fire since they live here.


Yeah, don't go working for criminals! That's stupid!


How do you know who's who? Do you have a sign? Secret handshake?


Right. About that.


Oh. Actually, I don't do that, then. I don't spend those points. I was supposed to do True Strike to make that work. d20s, right?


Yeah, but it's not us!


(whispering) I do.


We can only see as far up as the curves go in either direction.


I suppose so. It's been a long day. We've taken damage today. We should go home.


Yeah, how does everyone feel about a ten-minute breather here? I sit down and unholster my book and begin to cast Identify as a ritual.


What did you roll?


Some loot. Maybe.


Thank you. Did you do this one too? 28!


They’re going to do other things. I’m going to hula-hoop for three hours straight.


Oh, and how would you do it, Grog?


(southern accent) That can go in the bag of holding for sure. Or the bottomless bag.


You're like an extra in Big Trouble in Little China.


All right. That's a 20.


And also, I don't understand, we're talking about crashing the thing. But aren't we risking, at least, risking dropping the upside-down pyramid onto the Elder Brain?


Due to unforeseen circumstances--


Leave him alive! He must live!


Every now and then, someone reports about seeing--


90 feet?!


Fuck yeah, man. Melt that down.


Spreading the good word.


Well, that's up to them.


Are you a mafia don, Scanlan? Are you a bad guy?


Sexy.


I want to build a rebellion.


Shake him a bit. It will stop the reaction.


Do the shrines usually have a lot of people in them?


She has a Sleep arrow.


Well, here's the question is do we want to head towards Vasselheim from Whitestone?


What else is on your list, what're you looking for?


You've got what it takes. What's the distance on that thing?


Yeah, then I need to move.


Hit hard, repeatedly.


Everything's okay, everything's okay, we're out of danger, we're at home, it's okay.


An ottoman.


Okay, I'm going to cast Grasping Vine around here, so he can lash up and try to catch that wizard, the cloaked guy that's running away.


I understood!


I'm sorry. Not at all. Listen, we were about to come to blows. You and I are going to work this out. Words are mightier than the sword, right?


That's what he would want if he were here.


Oh no. What's that?


I don't know. I wonder how experienced these fighters are? Do you think it's stupid that we're signing up for it without knowing much?


Matt! Did you skip me?


Okay. Angle it a little over towards Kiki so it doesn't hit the innocent?


Secrets, secrets.


Beau comes down the stairs, hearing the end of it, and just goes (applause)


You can just erase it. You'll be fine.


No, it's nine.


That's pretty awesome.


Medicine check? Is that it?


Especially if you start to admit that you did it all yourself. I'll use Mask of Many Faces to look just like him.


I think there's a fire further in.


No, I don't. I haven't ever done that. I've done some pretty shady stuff though.


What's he wielding?


I'm trying, he still doesn't understand words!


Thank you. I know they get escorted to the other side. It just seems like an odd idea to be walking in a city full of the thrown-away. I'm talking to the air right now.


